go on yeah yeah boom and we're live
what are you doing Greg I'm looking up
the title of a book I want to talk about
which book it's an audio book and it was
about reconstruction oh we were just
talking about with slaves yeah and it
was about how you know once the once the
slaves were freed they still perpetuated
slavery by it was it's called
and I gotta find it by slavery by
another name by Douglas Douglas Blackmon
and it's about how they would they had
they put loitering laws in all around
the country and they would find black
people and if they were standing around
they would arrest them or if there was
like a petty larceny or a domestic
violence thing they'd arrest them for
fucking two years with the trial with
one judge and no jury and the judge was
very often a magistrate of the coal
mining company they'd send that the the
prisoner to a coal mine for two years
where he'd work seven days a week with
shackles on and they would fucking whip
them and if they tried to escape they
tracked him down with dogs and they beat
them sometimes to death and this went on
for fucking decades yeah so people talk
about well slavery ended back you know
forms of slavery went on for a long time
not only that slavery ended and what
effort was done to sort of rectify the
situation what effort was done to like
try to give even opportunities for
people who grew up in African American
cities that were predominantly slaves
mm-hmm before 1865 yeah like what's ever
been done forty acres in a mule do they
ever get that is that real I don't know
I guess it was a but even even if you're
dealing with that even if some people
got 40 acres in a mule like what is that
enough now like the whole thing is crazy
like if you have an entire country that
the ancestors that did most of the work
did it against their will and then you
just like yeah yeah yeah well you don't
have to do that anymore and then people
are like we want reparations and white
people are like that was a hundred years
ago you know in Georgetown
do you read about this Georgetown
University is giving reparations to the
slaves that built the university so the
families of the slaves they with like
23andme or one of those up and Asians
and they they're fucking knocking on
doors and they're like hey are you blah
blah blah well your
great-great-grandfather built Georgetown
University and they're assessing the
students I don't think it's official yet
but it looks like it's happening my
concern they're sensing the students
like fifty bucks each or something my
big concern is that it's gonna go the
other way
mm-hmm they're gonna track down people's
DNA and gonna go we found out that your
family profited from slavery like yeah
I'm 22 Yeah right what the fuck did I do
yeah give me all your money all of your
money all your ill-gotten gains yeah and
you like but no no no no my dad had a
legitimate job he worked for H&R Block
and this enough yeah yeah yeah but his
grandfather got his money to raise his
dad because he had slaves yeah
well wasn't Schwarzenegger grandfather
an SS yeah we don't talk about that he
was easy
his grandfather was I think he was a
green shirt whoa wait you know I there's
a kid named John Gotti the third who's
John Gotti the gangsters grandson yeah
he's an MMA fighter oh no shit it's good
no shit good yeah Wow so far he's
fighting on these small promotions but
he's fucking people up Wow jacked
Wow yeah yeah I remember John cuz I
lived on Mulberry Street in remember
little lace and it was a fucking
tenement apartment and downstairs
literally downstairs and one door over
was the ravenite social club which was
where Gaudi met on Wednesday nights yeah
all the bosses would pull up and the the
capo
I don't know the terms but they lined up
fucking limos usual Barry Street oh yeah
they walk up and down the street smoking
cigars and John Gotti junior was kind of
in charge at that time which I guess
would be this guy's father yes and he
parent wasn't known as being that sharp
well the family's thing kind of fell
apart since then I don't think there's I
think the FBI just had unlimited
resources government backing and they
slowly picked the fucking organization
apart and then it's got people to rat on
each other they bugged the ravenite
social club they got inside and they
bugged it and then when they found out
it was bugged the the wiseguys would
walk up and down Mulberry Street and
talk about their business so they smoked
the cars on the route they bugged the
hubcaps of the cars on the route you
heard about that yeah
well that was always the thing about
that guy the chin what's his name the
chin Gigi auntie how the fuck they say
his name Vincent the chin and he was
crazy but he wasn't crazy but he would
act crazy so he'd walk around the
bathroom right yes he was up on trial he
was out on bail Yeah right
wander to streets with a bathrobe on
playing crazy that's him just walking
around I'm crazy bug Tim - that'd be fun
to pretend you're crazy I think he was
actually the guy that they got with the
hubcaps oh yeah maybe what maybe they
used that tactic more than once yes guys
you know they they had a fucking
neighborhood where they would go to and
when they were in that neighborhood that
was their their territory right like
when you were living there was that
going on like God he was out of jail
yeah but they still mostly guys I think
I think they're really headquarters is
more in Brooklyn but they still came
back to Mulberry Street and it is
literally across the street was st.
Patrick's school which is where Robert
De Niro and Scorsese went to school as
kids and where you remember the film
Mean Streets
yeah that was shot remember they jump
over the wall into the cemetery that's
that's st. Patrick's School it's across
from the ravenite social club fuck I
don't remember anything about that movie
I remember the movie but I don't
remember anything about what happened I
need to see that one again yeah I need
to see that one again
you what I saw again recently bullet
train
I think I did see they show it on a
plane now yeah and United or something
what that fucking that's my car I saw
that movie when I was young and I said I
want that fucking 69 fastback Mustang oh
that's a badass car beautiful car yeah
68 is it 68 67 or 68 yeah 68 this is
very specific shape that the 68 had they
had like the best rear end yeah it's a
beautiful though they had really cool
setup with the rear terrible taillights
at 68 here's a little broader it's just
it was weird looking yeah just real
unusual and compared to some of the
other Mustangs but I loved it yeah and
it's my favorite I think and you watch
those movies like that and you realize
you think it's gonna be there's one big
car chase that's it yeah it's long slow
yeah but you know different they were
different they weren't afraid to do a
tracking shot for two minutes with no
dialogue yes just fucking follow a guy
walking walking down the street yeah we
just assume people are stupid as fuck
and because of comments and because
stupid people want to comment so often
the signals all skewed towards stupid
you know like a movie like jersey LeMans
with Steve McQueen and then a great
Steve McQueen movie there's no talking
at all for first X amount of minutes of
the movie he's no talking it's just cars
racing all right him driving around and
shit yeah there's no talking yeah and if
you were a movie theater today there was
no talking people look is this broken
the original 68 Mustang and that's also
a 68 Charger though he's in a race with
original 68 Mustang I think just went
for sale think somebody just bought it
look at that you mean the one from this
movie yeah yeah that hero cars wrecked a
few of these fuckers yeah if they're
doing like how many cars did they record
on with God in 60 seconds that Nicolas
Cage movie we drove that Eleanor Mustang
yeah
well do a bunch of those how many
fucking orange challenges do you think
they needed to get for oh my god so we
never wrecked one in every episode that
to me is one of the more interesting
episodes in our culture
that that show which was a beloved part
of our past is now taboo you will never
find it anywhere because the Confederate
flag on the roof and when we were kids
oh yeah that came over it's fuckin KKK
it's racism it's white sheets it's when
we're kids
it meant the south yeah it didn't mean
the same thing there's a fucking poster
that I have over the pisser from Leonard
Skynyrd concert from like said that
sometime during the 70s they have a
giant Confederate flag behind them stage
yeah but it didn't mean they were racist
it meant they were from the south but
somewhere along the line it shifted this
is where the argument gets weird right
because people say hey it's not about
that it's about southern pride I
understand it used to be about southern
pride but now unfortunately that flag is
now connected to racism so you're
sending out a bad signal yeah so what
you want that flag to mean for you
that's great but what that flag means
for other people has now changed yeah
and you either accept that or you know
you're fighting against it oh you can't
get me the fucking shit this means this
today but people don't they just they're
not thinking people don't have time to
rationally consider whether or not
you're racist or whether or not you're
from the south what are you why do you
have that flag they don't have time to
consider that they just go oh you must
be in the KKK
oh you must hate black people Oh bang
there it is racist
you got that flag so some something
shifted like really radically and deduce
a hazard is like a great metric of it so
one of the great things in our culture
we could use to measure you know look
what happened you had a hit show then
literally sparked a type of clothing the
daisy dukes for gay men yeah and for
girls that are really sad like we see a
girl with davis daisy dukes like sweetie
you don't need that you're hot without
it oh you so hard those daisy dukes I
just went to a food truck before I got
here and it was an Asian girl and like
my favorite kind of asian girl she was a
bleep Filipino big lips tan
dark tan with daisy dukes oh my
open-toed sandals beautiful feet nice
pedicure we freaking out it was it was
just me and her so I couldn't
there and it was so painful you were
like you're fighting your neck like
don't fuckin turn keep your head
straight
here's what's interesting and this is
the dynamic there's a difference between
men and women if we were just describing
this exact same thing but you were a
girl and you were describing a guy it
would be innocent yeah it would be
nothing it wouldn't be creepy
it'd be like that girl's so horny oh my
god like if she was like I was in line
and behind me was Jason Momoa you know
Aquaman oh my god if you think he looks
good in movies he looks so good in real
life sweetie I couldn't stop I was
looking right at his dick I looked at
his dick and I looked his face I look as
dickless and he starts smiling then I'd
start nodding and no one would care no
and you'd say that girl's liberated
she's free she's crazy
there goes wild if she could maybe grab
it on the way out tell ya let me give a
little tap tap tap no one's gonna call
the cops right but if that's the
difference and that's I think this is
something that as men this is a shaky
one because there are definitely some
fake male feminists out there that are
just doing it because they want women to
love them mm-hmm and they say a bunch of
shit that really screws the curve up but
if you're being honest and you're being
rational you have to realize that the
way a woman perceives being hit on is
gonna be way different than the way a
guy does cuz the girls in danger she's
in potential danger like legitimately
yeah like if you or some fucking serial
killer psychopath and you decided to
follow her back to her house that's on
the menu that's on the menu how rare is
it that you meet a girl somewhere and
she wants to come back to your house and
kill you yeah pretty fuckin well yeah
Aileen Wuornos that monster for the
Charlie's the wrong movie oh yeah that
girl's a prostitute
yeah she would she'd pick guys up and
they would think they're gonna go get
laid and she'd kill him right and they
were all so it wasn't you know people
can demonize the DeJohn because he's
picking up a right hard worker because
he's no sex they see it's not victimless
yeah but you know he just wants sex he
doesn't want you murdered you know but
she was tortured and you know abused so
horribly in her life that men became the
enemy
yeah there's a big lesson in that man
I've known guys and watched them as they
got older and like failed relationship
after failed relationship where they
started developing this like resentment
towards women you know this is like a
deep-seated like fuck them all they want
is this and all they wanna because what
they're getting from the women all the
time it's negative they're getting
rejection because they're trying to get
laid they want the women that touch them
and the women are like I'm not really
into touching you like fuck these wars
and they eventually develop this thing
where they just hate isn't there a name
for those guys misogynists no there's
like an online so insults or guys who
the I think mostly they're talking about
like like a lot of those guys are
genetically unfortunate yeah fucked up
bones drop and butt and that's why
there's an argument for legalized
prostitution because there are men that
just because of deformities or whatever
reason or maybe they're maybe they're
even neurotic dude where they can't hit
on a woman and so there should be a
place where a woman can knowingly and
confidently and safely be a prostitute
yes yes it should be your option the
problem is we equate prostitution with
two things that are horrible sexual
abuse and sex slavery sex trafficking we
we we equate prostitution with those
things that's why like when Robert Kraft
got busted one of the first things they
said is this guy's a billionaire and he
was participating in sex trafficking
that's they accused him of but then they
had to drop that I don't know if you
know that now so there was no sex
trafficking there there was prostitutes
there was women who wanted to have sex
for money and they weren't they didn't
come over in a seal tanker and slept in
though no they were prostitutes yeah you
know and it's their their choice and
they you don't hear much about that this
the sex trafficking was like a big thing
I think to get him to plead guilty and
they put it out there and they they said
you know they were shaming you and
making it this big deal this guy I paid
to get his dick touched you know and
here he is what is he like 78 years old
80 years old or something like that
this old guy just want to get his dick
touched
he paid he was a deal's a deal she
probably did it 13 times that day before
him you know that's what they were doing
that place there were jerking guys off
but people kept coming back why they
keep coming back because they hated it
why they keep coming back because it was
a ripoff why they keep coming back no
because as adults they wanted to get
their dick touched and this woman was
willing to do that and she yeah is that
a bad job it's a fucking terrible job so
is Wendy's so is being a dishwasher
those are terrible jobs too
do you want to do you want to be the guy
who puts the coal the the fucking tar on
the streets in the hot day do you want
to be that guy yeah the fuck out of here
that job sucks do you want to be a guy
who works in a gas station we've
constantly sniffing fumes fuck that that
job sucks LA job suck that's your choice
it's your choice as a human being to
take that job or not take that job
I feel the same way about prostitution
let's feel about massage it's like if
you can pay someone to touch your feet
and rub your feet you can pay a dude to
just be rubbing your feet why can't you
pay someone to touch you why can't touch
your genitals and like you said ulis get
rid of the stigma by legalizing it and
making sure those girls right I've been
to the bunny ranch I got a tour I went
you know my wife gave me a fuckin
Hawaiian shirt on no I had the t-shirt
with the tornado he died recently Dennis
HOF Dennis HOF dive yes so he invited me
he came to a show I was doing in Lake
Tahoe
I know Reno and he goes hey do you want
to come take a tour and like because of
the stern connection I kind of knew him
so if you want to come take a tour of
the ranch and I go let me call my wife
and then I called her and I go can I
just I go I just want to see it just
gonna smell it and she goes well if you
bring Kathleen roll who was the feature
act with you then you can go so they
send a limousine and we go off and we
walk in and there was like one room had
like a fucking trap he's in it and the
other one had a hot tub they all had
different like themes to them and it was
like it wasn't a skanky as I thought but
it was pretty down and dirty was like
trailers but they were clean and while I
was there a doctor showed up and they
gave them all fucking they check their
snatches for whatever what they had a
little kitchen at they'd somebody
cooking little snacks
for them they offered me some I said I'm
gonna pass and then at the end he pulls
me aside he goes by the way Greg take
any of the girls it's on the house and I
go well Dennis I've never been with a
prostitute before and it wasn't because
of the hundred bucks I wasn't waiting
for a freebie and but the girls were
they were happy they keep 50% of the
money they can't use drugs on the
premises they they can refuse a customer
and they come and go when they want I
think people should be able to do
whatever they want that doesn't hurt
people and I think that that falls into
that category and I think it does
provide a service for really frustrated
men they can't get sex any other way
yeah and I think it's stigmatized I
think it's stigmatized in a very weird
way it's not a good job I don't want to
do it I don't want my children to do it
I don't want your children to do it I
don't want my kids to work as a
dishwasher either I don't want my kids
to be a coal miner those things are real
jobs you know I just don't I think that
if we had different attitudes about sex
we wouldn't look at it as harshly we
would look at it as horribly as we look
at it we look at it different because we
think they like intimacy is connected to
romance and romance is connected to this
emotional connection you have with this
person that you're sharing pleasure with
like that's that is wonderful but
physical release is also very important
for men it's like it's very important to
and it's very important for everyone to
be touched and some people people don't
want to touch them you're just not doing
so good yeah it's just they're not in a
good spot they don't they're not
physically attractive whatever it is
whatever the whatever it for some people
and they have a desire and a need to be
touched and it fucking wrecks them to
the soul when they're not touched all
the time they constantly walk around
filled with resentment filled with
bitterness if we just quietly enraged
inside at the hand that life has given
them and for those people if you had
legalized prostitution if it was like
someone who liked you you could
conceivably have friendships with these
people that you're having sex with if
you wanted to do that like I knew a girl
who when she was younger she was a sex
worker
she's a I won't even reveal her it would
be too obvious I reveal what she does
but she did it for a while when she was
like young and she fucked some older
guys they were like you know in their
sixties and shit they didn't know you
know they had money but they didn't have
the time to date and you know maybe they
had a wife and they wanted have sex with
somebody on the side and she would take
money from them and she liked it
she's like it's a great way to make
money was a lot more money it's not that
big a deal she was I knew who I was
doing it with and I was like wow she's
smart you know I mean I don't think
everybody has that attitude and I would
never want anybody to do that that
doesn't have that attitude but if you're
one of those girls it's like hustling
maybe you don't have a family that backs
you up know there's girls that like you
know they're in kid there is
legitimately like there's the I got a
friend who's really wealthy and his
friends have some of them have like a
girl in New York and they pay for her
apartment and she's going to college and
he goes to New York seven eight times a
year when he does she frees her calendar
and goes out to dinner with him goes to
wherever he sleeps there they have sex
and it's a comfortable working
relationship so I don't know where's the
where's the problem with that who's the
victim right yeah he's a sugar daddy
yeah yeah I don't I think we have crazy
attitudes for finite beings we have this
crazy attitude like we're leaving this
permanent like ledger of all the moral
and immoral things we've done especially
when it comes to sex it's like it's just
sex you fucks
yeah it's great everybody wants it but
everybody doesn't get it and everybody
sometimes people get rejected so it
carries all this weight and so it's just
like a bit and then you're not supposed
to do it cuz God doesn't want you to or
you could get pregnant Jesus Christ you
pro-life or you pro-abortion he pro
woman's like to choose you didn't even
you should even have a say you have a
fucking penis like whoa charge yes so
charge right and meanwhile biologically
your brain is going no no no we got a
fuck okay I got loads building up I
gotta get rid of these things
mm-hmm you know like I used to have a
bit called jerk-off first and think
about it was my advice for everything
because there's so many moments in life
when you jerk off first and then you go
what what was definitely not responded
that crazy fucking letter she
yeah in the mail yeah you know when you
get a letter from somebody like oh no
it's like sobering up yeah jerk off
first jerk jarasand know your real
intentions if you jerk off first and you
still want to call someone you really
care about them you love them that's
right it's not just lust yeah that's it
that's empty bag think yeah yeah I I was
never good at that like I've reset the
clock one nowadays I pop give you 24
hours didn't leave me a little 25 24
hours well I think I need some of those
pills he's no esta strong yeah he's some
TRT is that legal
Oh a hundred percent yeah I think I need
someone I need some of that yeah dude
I've been on that show for ten years oh
shit yeah yeah he make it a bunch of
different ways now to theirs they were
making the spray for a while like it was
like under the tongue
you could put drops in and then I don't
know if they're doing that anymore but
they have a cream the cream is good but
if you hug people
it gets on them it's weird wait where do
you write it on you rub it on your chest
to your arms so if you sex with your
wife your wife's arm might grow a
mustache well you find very strange that
would be like a really creepy way if you
were like really into dudes but you were
married to a woman yeah how do i how do
i bridge this gap like I'm on CRT and
you would rub it all over your chest and
immediately get on her and she'd be like
the fuck are you doing
give her protein shakes make a go to the
gym a lot yeah yeah hey honey you look
at with short hair put her under stress
to make her work more there's something
that happens with women apparently there
was a study on career women and they
don't know if it's a correlation or
causation thing because maybe the reason
why they were career women in the first
place because they had a lot of
testosterone but they were they would
notice that women have to fend for
themselves women have to take care of
themselves they generally have more
testosterone interesting which makes
sense but doesn't I you never know like
what came first the chicken or the egg
is that like who they are are they
developing more testosterone because
they're they have to be out there
competing yeah you know yeah I I
remember I was uh i d--'s Rogaine for a
while I was actually
I got approached by my agent and he goes
um you got an offer to do a commercial
series of commercials I said for what he
goes
Rogaine I go but I don't my hair is not
thinning and he's like yeah so it's five
commercials I was in denial about it I
was like 29 and I guess I was starting
to crown a little bit but I didn't
notice and so he goes do you want to do
it I was like I don't know I'm about to
move out to LA I want to maybe do some
acting I don't want to be seen maybe on
TV as the Rogaine guy and he's like I
talked to them and they said it's only
gonna it's gonna be on like ESPN 4 at
2:00 in the morning don't worry whatever
and I go and I go all right fucking I
move in LA I got no money I'll do it
I'll get health insurance out of it I'm
about to get married
so I record the commercials and the
tagline is it's me and a pharmacy and
I'm looking at a bottle and it's MoDOT
minoxidil 5 they just jacked it up from
3 to 5 and I go 4 out of 5 the
voice-over goes four out of five doctors
say this will work and then I go I look
at the camera and I go 4 out of 5 I like
my chances so I do it I do it and then
there is there's that guy I like the nod
is legit so they so all of a sudden it
starts running it runs during the
fucking playoffs
March Madness every guy I've ever met
was calling me and gone I like my I'm
walking down the street I like my
chances it was everywhere yeah and so
they gave me they gave me a fucking
supply for years and I was using it and
I would my wife wouldn't let me cuddle
with her because she don't you put on
your head at the end of the before you
go to bed they cuddle up next to her and
get your fucking hair on her neck and it
made you all greasy my pillows were all
greasy and all it really grew is like a
fuckin fuzz yeah did you ever try that
yeah I tried that shit I tried
everything yeah yeah I wish I shaved my
head way earlier it's so easy I think
I'm gonna do it tomorrow for the first
out of my life once I shaved my head I
was like wow
my fucking around with all this hair
yeah if I had I have full head of hair
I'd shave my fucking head
I'd shave my head like every two weeks I
just let it grow too stubble and then
shave it down again let it grow too
stubble it's like it's so much easier
how often do you shave it every couple
days you take a razor
oh yeah easy I have one that has like
it's made for shaving your head it's
getting a handle on it it's like an
electric razor just one could so you
don't miss any spots how longs it take
me a couple minutes it's easy feel good
yeah that's great
I don't have to think about it that's
what I like I don't know this I don't
think about this I used to worry about
my hair when my hair was falling out
when something's out of your control
four people have a flood of hair they
really don't understand this when you
start losing your hair young Jamie son
of a bitch well you start losing your
hair you you just go oh my god like
there's nothing to do about this this is
terrible like there's nothing you can do
and then you look at like these fucking
guys like some guys that are like gross
looking bald dudes and you look oh my
god they used to be a kid yeah they used
to be just like me
and then one day it all fucking fell out
and they were this gross dude with the
horseshoe around the bottom of the head
like what the fuck that's what I'm gonna
be
and once you shave your head like for me
I got lucky I have a good shape he had
shaped my head which is something that I
watched I went down a rabbit hole the
other day and I went down a plastic
surgery facial reconnect reconfiguration
rabbit hole because of in cells
connected to this conversation we're
having earlier about guys can't get laid
these guys were going to his one doctor
there's a particular doctor I think he's
in Indianapolis and he does facial
reconfiguration like he widens your jaw
he puts implants on your cheeks and jaw
he puts implants on your fucking head so
I get maybe you have a weird-shaped head
maybe your head is shaped like a turtle
or something
you have a weird crest on the top of
your head this guy puts implants under
your skin to give you a nice round head
and they had like before and after this
guy was like oh hated my head and no no
my head is amazing and I'm looking at
this and I'm going oh my god like I
didn't even think of that well how's it
look
he looked way better yeah but it's
what it is is like genetics are
responding to symmetry when you see when
you see poor genetics you see something
weird like weird symmetry Wise's wises
face so narrow why is this chin go down
so low what's weird about him why is it
why his shoulders so narrow why are his
arms so long we see a symmetrical or
weird looking people that don't seem to
like it doesn't fit into your idea of
what the accepted breeding genetics of
human beings are right da Vinci cut yeah
is that what it is oh yeah yeah it's
based on a there's a certain shape of
the face Beauty it's a Fibonacci code so
were you thinking oh no I think it's the
da Vinci cut that was a religious thing
for that movie yeah but with within it
don't they talk about the symmetry of
the face I think that's the golden ratio
that's the Fibonacci okay that's the
Fibonacci but yeah this is the guy this
is this guy Wow
so they oh this is an article from cut
of the cut yeah the cut com yeah that's
this is exactly where I started so I
started on this and I think it was on
dig or something like that and then I
went from that to all of the different
people that have these things done and
that's something if you think about it
man if you just get a bum deal you just
get a bit of bad roll the dice you will
live your life with people that don't
they don't want to have sex with you
mm-hmm
and this goes back to like the
prostitution thing like what do people
want from those people do they want the
world to be a different place than it
really is because are we operating as if
this world is exactly how it is right
now or are we pretending that the world
is how we'd like it to be one day in a
utopian society because we're doing that
I get you how you're behaving but if
you're looking at the world around you
the way it is and you don't think these
guys should be able to get prostitutes
you're an asshole
I think that kind of boils down with
libertarianism is you know it's whether
or not we are in a evolving utopian
mindset or whether or not we're gonna
just say let people be who they are and
just accept how things are just a little
bit of that I think I'm on both sides of
that fence sometimes you know there's
there's definitely people that you just
want to leave them alone
they're not gonna figure it out fuck
them but then there's also people like
we've all met people that have been in a
bad place in their life and turned it
around yeah I don't I don't like giving
up on people
I just don't this isn't it's not human
it's not a human thing to give up on
people right so inst I'm on both sides
of that like part of me wants to go like
figure it out and then part of me wants
to go like we got to help people figure
it out yeah and we have to try to
engineer our society like this is a
problem it's like we're talking about
before about reparations for slavery or
these these communities that have always
been black and poor since the slave
times like it's just leave that alone
and let that sort itself out that is
never gonna sort itself out that's like
a place in your garage that's fucked up
and filled with trash that you think is
gonna figure itself out on its own like
you you you've got to do something you
the the garbage that you're leaving
behind that's not gonna make its way to
the trash you're gonna have to sort it
out you have to figure out how to do it
you have to get it out there if you have
an impoverished crime riddled community
filled with drugs and gangs it's not
gonna get better you should do something
someone has to do something you can't
just pretend you can't just go further
and further away from it if we're gonna
act as a country that's what we're
supposed to be we're supposed to be a
big-ass team we would we're supposed to
be looking at the spots on the team that
are fucked up yeah you talk about that
Houston is kind of famous for this of
literally the garbage dumps were all put
in the black neighborhoods they just
started dumping all the garbage in the
poor areas with the bad schools totally
segregated at the same areas that worse
they were slave shacks way back when and
now that's the same fucking generations
later living in garbage
all right because what if you do a DNA
test yet find out your great-grandfather
was the guy putting a fucking garbage
dump in the black neighborhood and
that's why you have a Cadillac dude my
wallets on the table at that point take
it off I'm so sorry
but you didn't do anything you're 23 I
recycle now thank you
but stuff in the green bins the blue
bins you're gonna save those fish
compost bins those whales out there it's
eating plaster yeah we gotta just
we got a genetic engineer the whales to
actually be able to digest plastic
figure it out yeah we're good it's free
food yeah come on yeah man we got boy
onslaught on the podcast he's this
really young genius who is in the middle
of devising and implementing a way to
gather up the plastic he's got like this
big machine that operates like so it's
got a big arm yeah it's like yeah it's
like got like a net yeah capturing I'm
really breaking it down much like a
paraphrasing in a shitty way but his
machine is just gonna scoop plastic up
and they think they could actually reuse
that PLAs they can make things out of it
yeah I saw that I think they I think
they ran into some technical problems
with it yeah they just used it yeah I
think when they tried it out right away
it didn't work that good yeah but he
kind of figured that he was like well
there's gonna be a bunch of improvements
it's like everything else right every go
by our early Tesla they were they were
terrible
maybe over Tesla may may not last really
yeah they're sitting it well the problem
is is they they call it an
entrepreneurial shiny object syndrome
that's what Elon Musk has is like he
can't stop he has to keep you know there
was SpaceX which is fucking phenomenal
right what that program is done they are
they are delivering stuff to space for a
tenth of the price of NASA
they have cut costs ridiculously NASA
was so fucking bloated and and which was
great but now it's like he wants to put
a fucking tunnel under LA and he wants
these charging stations all around the
country that are gonna be solar-powered
that are gonna be expensed he's just
overextended himself
and now Wall Street used to love them
and now they're not buying it anymore
and it could be the end of the company
how would it be the end of the company
how does that work well they're the they
need to be producing like a million cars
a year to be cost effective for their
assembly lines for the wooden cost for
their assembly lines and they're putting
out a few hundred thousand a year and
they need to they need to up production
to that point and they don't think they
can do it I shouldn't say that I'm gonna
fucking tank the stock yeah it's um how
many different places can you charge out
now I always charge here or I charge at
home yeah but how many places is it real
easy to charge you find a lot of spots
have no idea but I know he's trying to
make it really Universal it's great if
you driving it just to work like I do I
Drive it to the store or drive it here
it's great yeah they're the it's the
best car I've ever driven
but but it's not it's not ready for like
long ass trips takes no time my friends
just bought it I think it's a Mitsubishi
and it's uh it's a hybrid but how it
works is it goes all-electric until you
run out of the electric charge and then
it had then the motor kicks in as
opposed to like my Prius which is just
alternating back and forth all the time
right
the priest gets ridiculous gas - all
right it's amazing what do you get
probably 50 Wow that's hilarious
looks like dogshit though I hate it why
do you why do you deal with it why do
you do that yourself you and I have had
this conversation a million times where
like Greg get a muscle car I can I must
I want the new ones are amazing and
matter of fact they have a new Bullitt
Mustang
now they do is they do yes they do they
have a Bullitt model brand-new 2019
green emerald green dope ass fucking
Mustang with I think it's more than 460
horsepower it's a very fast it's an up
tuned version of the one that's in the
GT so it's the coyote generation 3
Mustang engine look at that that's it
baby oh yeah see it even says bullet on
the back see the back the back badge
that's a Bullitt Mustang that's the
yellow on thousand 19 and you get
a stick-shift like a fucking Man Thing
yeah I definitely fucking stick-shift
you drive around your your balls are
gonna grow back
I need them that I need the beautiful
car
I need this TR TR T is the Prius is like
shut your mouth with that Prius stop
talking about look at that Mustang pull
in 2019 it's like you know the 50th
anniversary of the movie or whatever the
hell it is yeah when was that movie 40th
68 so yeah more than 50th look at that
man whoo damn that's a car yeah that's a
motherfucker of a car they make great
American cars right now yeah right now
is a great time you know the two of them
the old one the new Wow and you know the
great thing is is the gas mileage on
these cars isn't that bad anymore yeah
yeah they have intelligent computers
running all the fuel injection and
everything and the tune of the engines
all done with computers now what are we
gonna get younger you know it is it's
the whole College thing like fuck up
you're a talented comedian Natick plenty
of loot yeah you're gonna spend money on
the stupid fucking Prius that thing is
not free you have to pay for that thing
yeah get a goddamn Mustang how much one
those bullet Mustangs try to sell it
Jamie why you think it's funny you know
I'm right you know I'm right right I
know you're right too at the end of my
life no no no no now if it's my kids now
I'm saying at the end of my life when I
look back I'm gonna go oh my kid went to
college fuck him
you can take a loan do you have the room
for it in your driveway if you had a
third car we park on the street I live
in Venice 4060 cells that's not much but
it's not bad that's a good deal get that
fucking thing you park in the street yes
sir I'd like a Kickstarter fund or
something from my car you think we would
do that um no
they would say just do some gigs and put
some money away you son of a bitch
I know you fucking sellout places shut
the fuck up some dudes are just so
frugal I always find that so funny cuz
I'm such a slob but that's how we were
we started in Boston oh you were driving
a fucking so is it a celica GT or some
no it was a Mitsubishi Starion
here's like a little sporty layer yeah
yeah and you were leasing it and I was
like who the fuck leases a new car when
they've been doing comedy for two years
and I had a fucking I had an 84
Volkswagen Rabbit and and I just
remember you had a nice wee you had a
jacked-up stereo system in it and I
remember you got it got fucking
repossessed no that was a different card
that was the Dodge Daytona Shelby I got
rid of the one and then I got the second
one and you didn't give a fuck oh you
went to the you went to the impound lot
and you jumped the fence to get the
radio I had a stereo I put in it I
installed the stereo I jumped the fence
and pulled the fucking stereo out of the
Daytona because I knew I wasn't gonna be
able to pay for that fucking car anymore
it was it was actually that was the
first year of comedy that was my first
year actually it got that while I was
still teaching and I was still I taught
I was teaching at Boston University I
was teaching Taekwondo there I was
teaching at this school that I was
running in Revere and I was delivering
newspapers I was making a little bit of
money and I was really stupid and when I
found out that I could get a car like a
brand new Dodge Daytona Shelby in 1988
or 1989 and I could I could lease it
they would lease it to me what I was
like perfect let's do it but then
somewhere along the line I had decided I
was really gonna dedicate myself to
stand up I was like I am I'm half-assing
this and somebody told me that one of
the guys that I was doing open mic
nights they said you know you were
really funny like six months ago that it
goes but it seems like you've fallen off
a little and he said it to me and I
didn't even respond I remember like fuck
he's right yeah he's right he's right
I'm half-assing it and then that night I
was like fuck this I'm quitting
everything so I decided was going to
quit teaching I quit
teaching at bu I quit teaching at high
school I shut my school down looks like
I'm done I got it I gotta be a comic
100% and then I had no money so you just
live off whatever I make I was trying to
get odd jobs during the day yeah but I
couldn't have anything that I was
dedicated to right and when I was
teaching I was very dedicated to
teaching T it meant a lot to me like
martial arts meant a lot to me so
technique means a lot to me so when I
was teaching people it's very specific
it meant a lot yeah and I would teach
people on to bring them with tournaments
and you know I raised kids from like
white belt all the way up to like blue
belt and brought him to tournaments and
it was exciting was really fun it meant
a lot to me though it meant enough to me
that I was not gonna half-ass it I was
like I'm not gonna I'm not gonna have
teach these people because when I was
teaching I was very serious about I'm it
meant a lot so I was like I'm not
I got a I'm out I'm not go once I have a
thing I'm like that's the thing all
these other things just get in the way
of the thing just eliminate those so
that's what I did and then they took my
fucking car but I got the stereo back I
remember cuz I was I was living with
your girlfriend and you were coming over
every night fucking you'd come from like
cappuccinos the restaurant around the
corner with fucking takeout like nice
meals I was eating fucking ramen noodles
I spent every penny I spent everything
in put anything away ever come from
Blockbuster with fucking five movies
under your arm yeah you were living with
my girlfriend and another dude yeah a
guy named Mike coconut who's a great guy
he was a great dude he's the first guy I
ever met hell out of Bowflex oh no shit
yeah he was the first guy I met who was
growing marijuana in his closet
oh shit lights that's dangerous in
Boston in the 80s all right you go to
jail jail he grow he that was some skunk
weed we serious smoking that skunk weed
you could go to jail jail for that yeah
Massachusetts a hundred percent free now
hundred percent legal go to a store and
buy it yeah how fucking beautiful is
that an Illinois House passes marijuana
legalization Wow yes
YouTube Pritzker governor fuck yeah fuck
yeah legalize Illinois see in and get a
gang of it out to the southside of
Chicago
speaking of disenfranchised
neighborhoods that are not gonna fix
themselves that's another one there was
five murders there last week it's crazy
and the schools are so fucking bad
there's this really good documentary
called America is me and it tracks Oak
Park which is like a kind of a mixed
suburb in Chicago where there's black
and white students and they just track
the lives of like ten students and hit
five black and five white and how they
can be in the same place and have such
different experiences you know black
families where the fucking kid is
stressed out he's not doing well in
school and they're like the teachers
frustrated but he's like yes his he's
got a single mom and they just lost the
apartment cuz she lost her job and now
they living with an aunt and you know
there's all these circumstances going on
and then you've got the white kids who
are taking SAT prep classes and they got
a mom who's not working that drives them
to their different sports
it's a R it's a great documentary it's a
different world that's I mean this is
the same conversation we were having
before the podcast started about this
guy that we know the things that
homeless people are lazy yeah and we're
like look there are people out there
that were born on third base and they
fucking swear to god they hit a triple
hmm and they think wow I I fucking
didn't have my shoes tied and I didn't
do this and I I missed out on birthday
parties and neither you but nobody shot
you yeah you know nobody robbed you your
uncle didn't rape you you're not in jail
you didn't you didn't watch your brother
get killed you know come on man
like there's way worse hands that people
get dealt way worse and just the overall
vague sense of entitlement well am i
saying on the other side of being
surrounded by people that are not
achieving oh yeah and being being
exposed to people that don't think that
finishing high school or college is a
priority right and so it's very hard to
come up with that concept yourself
especially in the absence of like two
functioning parents the only thing that
helps them now is the internet because
you can you could lock onto like David
Goggins
like that or someone who was also born
in this terrible situations like that
you can listen to his story yeah and
read his or listen his audiobook which
is fantastic read his a book and
understand there's people like him that
used to be like me they made it through
and now they have a story and I can do
that too it's possible and then that
becomes your guiding light but the idea
that we're all in the same fucking
starting block it's just stupid as fuck
yeah it's stupid it's stupid it's a bad
way to look at the world yeah and when
people get upset at you know certain
aspects of life without acknowledging
that yeah and then you've got people
that live in abandoned factory towns
whether it's you know in the
Appalachia's or it's you know Detroit
where you had jobs and your grandfather
had a job and that was it and it was
just it was like there was no diversity
of work in that area and then the
fucking plant closes and it's just
despair I have a good friend and his
family is from coal miners and I mean he
the way he describes it he's like you
have never seen that kind of poverty
before you've never seen that kind of
poverty you're in these coal towns and
people just all fucked up on pills like
the whole towns fucked up on pills mmm
there's like um seeing poverty like that
Wow it's dark and there's despair and
there's no exit strategy no one there's
no one to model around you no one no
one's kept there to give you advice
everyone's a criminal everyone's trying
to get by everyone selling pills robbing
people shooting people and this is just
a segment this is just what happens with
despair right and this is just despair
in that ended that context and then
there's despair in South Central LA just
despair in East LA just despair and you
know really fucked up Mexican
neighborhoods in LA well that's why we
were talking about I think you had a
guest on they talked about how with how
everything's getting rote robots are
taken over that's the book by Han yang
it was probably the presidential
candidate talking about how they're
going to subsidize the the whole
populations yes but with that you know
it sounds like it may happen at that
type of a system but there's still gonna
be despair because you still need a
sense of purpose you still need to work
you
feel good about yourself that's the
counter to that yeah and I agree with
both things unfortunately its hype
I agree that most likely automation is
going to take over here's the thing when
when people need purpose they still need
purpose they need purpose now but would
a thousand dollars a month if everyone
knew they had a thousand dollars a month
coming from the government would it make
you more invested in being an American
would it make you more invested in
keeping this thing running like you're
you're actually getting paid from it
you're looking at the American like it's
generating income and you're getting
paid from it you're getting enough money
so you can eat and have a roof over your
head like if the three of us got $1,000
a month that's $3,000 a month there's a
place we could get with three of us is
like 1500 bucks a month and then the
rest of it we would just put into food
and whatever and that's we could live
Randee hookers you would live like that
that's a that's a livable wage for
enough if you get enough people to get
$1,000 a month it's not perfect so the
question is how does it make you feel
about yourself and about your country
yeah and this is the question - does
that stop you from pursuing your dreams
because it's not like you're getting 50
grand a year look if you were getting 50
grand a year man be hard to get me to
work if I just had free 50 grand every
year like how much do you do really if
you have an apartment look it's not eat
I know folks that are making 50 grand
like hey you know you'd be surprised you
don't really save much and you know once
you if you have a car and a lease and
either a mortgage or an apartment
payment I get it I get it
but if you had 50 grand a year it would
be really hard for you to grind it would
be really hard for you to really go
after something just be obsessed unless
that's just your style as that's just
who you are well it seems like a I don't
know if it's more manageable weight is
just socialized medicine and make higher
education free I think both those things
are imperative I really do I think
especially education why would it cost
why should cost money to figure out how
to make people more intelligent and
contribute better why wouldn't you want
less losers wouldn't you want more
educated people that have a better
understanding of how the world works
since we're a service economy we're not
a manufacturing
anymore we need people that understand
how to manage and to be entrepreneurial
and you know yes communicate but just be
educated I mean yeah there's more people
that are smarter then you have more
competition than you have more
productivity I mean it would just be
better for everybody
you don't want ignorant people ya wanna
see well education my son's going to
college it's fuckin $65,000 a year
that's so much times four years times
two kids that's six hundred thousand
dollars a year what Americans got an
extra six so your kid is now saddled
with a debt that he'll be paying off
forever
he's underwater it's not six hundred
thousand dollars a year you're saying
sixty five thousand dollars a year and
to sixty-five seventy one hundred thirty
thousand you mean sixty you mean forever
yeah for four years for four years to
kids like six hundred fifty grand a year
that's like six hundred total over over
the course of their college careers yeah
your your base and you have to make more
than a million to have that by the way
yeah who's got to be taxes yeah and
you're not just only spending money on
that you got to spend money on living
expenses and your mortgage and your
house and so that you know you're really
talking about two million probably and
don't think your kids coming out of
college into a job that's gonna be able
to support himself you're still gonna be
subsidizing their phone and their car
insurance and probably part of their
rent for the next five six years that's
when they come to visit yeah and if
you're thinking about that over over
these four years you really if you want
a hundred grand you kind of have to make
200 mm-hmm and then you got insurance if
you're on the market as a family of four
to get health insurance in California
you're paying twenty thousand dollars a
year between fifteen and twenty thousand
dollars a year which means again you got
to earn forty a a lot of people are
moving out of California because of
state tax a lot of people realize you
know I can live in Nevada and not pay
any state tax yeah why would I want to
pay state acts what am i doing that's a
lot of money it is ten percent right
yeah and then if you live in New York
City you have to pay a stain in a city
tax dirty beach fat fucking city tax
owed is that to keep the rats that's to
keep the electricity going for the guys
that are taking a train and
Connecticut everyday and work in our
Wall Street that aren't they in the
fucking city tax fucking communists yeah
the people who don't pay the city tax
are dirty yeah they work in the city and
they don't pay the tax right must pay
the tax those estates in Connecticut
yeah those weird soulless gigantic Great
Gatsby like estates Darien Connecticut
they've all got fucking Ferraris buddy
my work semantics transmissions buddy my
works the high school in Connecticut
well as rich kids go he works there
shout out to my boy Tommy jr. yeah he
works there and like sees these people
giant fucking huge lawns and mm-hmm
talking about buying a place there I
[Music]
want a big lawn I want to be like a
cannon I'd like to live next to a bunch
of people that are on pills they're
fucking mine trying to make meaning out
of life not one read billion dollars in
the bank
I want people whose heads have been
reshaped by a guy in Indianapolis yeah
if you have a flat head though there's
something girls don't want to fuck a
dude I'm gonna shave my head but it's
not gonna look what I got I got a bad
head you're fine well I'm too pretty
pasty white hours dude shave it really
yeah we should do it tomorrow
do we have the Clippers from the top do
it right now do really are they over
there are they charged up probably yeah
if it only went half way and then cut
off
that's the should have that that should
be didn't you new look like Kris Kross
needs to have their clothes on backwards
you shave half the side of your head
shave one side leave the other side and
people like what is going on like fuck
you I'm handicapped look at my head yeah
half the crowd I'm doing bald jokes for
half the crowd the other credit how're
you doing like going bald dude I had Ari
Shaffir on my podcast one time and we
were at you ever do a podcast and above
the Comedy Cellar they've got a studio
up north Bobby Kelly started it and it
says every day what it's called and um
so I'm up there doing my podcast with
Ari and it's an apartment it's like
there's a there's a bedroom and a
bathroom and then the studio
and if we got to talking about torture
and I go I go you ever been waterboarded
he's like no I go this is a bathroom
right here I go you want you want me to
waterboard you and you know our he's
like yep sure else to do it so we go
inside and I put a towel over his face
and he leans over backwards and his head
is below his body in the shower stall
the nozzle comes off the wall and I
spray down his face and nothing nothing
nothing and then all sudden his body's
convulsing his legs are kicking he's
fucking screaming water is shooting out
of his nose he's choking and it went on
for like a couple of minutes and I'm
fucking dying and then he starts
laughing and we were just on the podcast
laughing without saying a word for
probably five minutes and then he goes
want me to do it to you I'm like fuck
yeah and then he waterboarded me in the
same thing happens Wow yeah the
waterboarding is legit yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's real torture yeah but it's
weird torture because you're not
permanently injuring someone like you
think it towards you think of like
someone cutting someone and lighting
them on fire shell like that
what's the torture you at least want to
be done to you it's good question maybe
that one maybe waterboarding I don't
know
I get like electrocution they
electrocute you Ozark spoiler alert oh
yeah I don't say nothing look I think I
think being made to be cold for long
periods I'm cold and knows they say no
sleep is actually the worst thing you
can do to somebody right like Chinese
water torture they just have the water
drip on you yeah just keeps you awake
okay trip yeah
that's a good tip if you ever fallen
asleep while you're driving folks get uh
if you stopped at a gas station and get
like a soda or a water and some ice and
then get like wet towel get a wet towel
with ice in it and just rub your face
cuz I used to smack myself in the face
when I was coming back from gigs yeah
and I'd be driving on the Mass Pike
stuff of the face just sticking my head
out the window you know just trying to
stay away yeah cuz you're just something
about
hypnotic white lines just dude I used to
fucking hot dog I used to drive from
Boston to New York like once a week for
like a year and a half I had a place I
could crash in the city and I finished
my gigs on Saturday night I'd be at the
fucking Worcester aku-aku the show it
ended like you know midnight and I get
my car and I Drive the three
three-and-a-half hours to the city and I
regularly slept while driving and then
snapped out of it like how fucking crazy
is that
I once wrecked a car I fell asleep on a
highway once Oh what wheel I was in
college and I had to go down to
Providence for a court date I got into a
fight in Providence and I got arrested
spent the weekend in jail and then I had
to come back for the court appearance so
I borrowed my ex-girlfriends car and I'd
been up the night before all night
drinking and so I drove down and I did
the court appearance got out of it and
I'm driving home and I'm on 95 north and
I just fucking fell asleep and I hit the
guardrail spun out and hit a truck oh my
god and thank God I got I cut my mouth I
hit my mouth on the steering wheel this
is probably no airbags to right no
airbags I was old Toyota Corolla fucking
totaled the car on my ex-girlfriends car
oh no how's she feel she was all right
with it she stopped you were alive she
was a great girl oh yeah Cyndi Martha
shout-out to Cindy so you probably were
relieved because of the court date right
yeah you relieved ha got off can't
believe I got off yeah and they driving
back Oh bang fuck what a feeling man you
talk about adrenaline rushing into your
body
mmm that's second it can't get no more
intense than that kid I knew from high
school died that way no no shit really
hits like the underside of a bridge damn
yeah he was a sleeper he was drink I'll
sleep fell asleep damn
yeah happens all the time man my father
he was uh my father was a big drinker
and he was driving home drunk one time
and my mom was following him in another
car that's how complicit alcoholism was
back in the 70s yeah wives were just
like all right honey
I'll follow you cuz you're drunk oh my
girl and so he's driving and he falls
asleep at the wheel and he goes
headfirst into a tree oh Jesus
cuts his jugular vein and his arm the
veins in his arm my mom drives to get an
ambulance
he has no cellphones they come by the
time they get there he has no vital
signs he's fucking dead and they brought
him back to life and he was in the
hospital for like two weeks
well how'd they bring him back to life
it was like that was like the five I was
like four or five and what but as I say
they have some stuff they set aside yeah
they really like here I used that pet
sematary injection back bring him back
spike I didn't see any pet sematary I
heard it was uh based on the Stephen
King book yeah the book is great yeah
the movie the first movie was all right
it was all right
they're fun they're campy they different
Sheen his books and his movies they were
so profound yeah his books are
terrifying his books like get to the
heart of the worst aspects of human
nature and right demonic possession the
one Maximum Overdrive would be a great
one every make now yeah fucking robot
sir and yeah and takes over and kills
everyone yeah no shit right yeah they
have it like with modern electric trucks
and shit yeah The Shining was the only
one that was just scary is the book what
was different very different than the
book the show yeah I read the book The
Shining the movie with Jack Nicholson
apparently bothered Stephen King because
Jack Nicholson was like on edge from the
beginning of the movie like he was
always crazy like he was always like you
know he's always just kind of barely
fucking hanging on yeah you know that
was his whole thing and in the book the
guy clearly becomes mad right he becomes
possessed he's a normal guy who's
struggling he's trying to be a writer
and he uses this as an opportunity to
write and then the house takes him over
it's more smart of a narc yeah yeah it's
both this is nothing you can do that's
him getting pumped up for the scene oh
yeah then fired up look at him yeah is
that Kubrick yeah yeah yeah cute Britta
you know healed by a fucking axe axe
wielding Jack Nicholson yeah I could see
that once Kubrick takes over you're not
you're not gonna have a lot of saying
how the thing is directed well not only
that Kubrick put all this moon-landing
stuff in it there was all these moon
references yeah yeah the kid had an
Apollo sweater on like there was there's
there's someone made a documentary that
was all the numbers and all the quaint
all the things that are attached to that
movie room 237 that's what it's about
because it's two hundred thirty seven
thousand miles to the moon when they
made the launch he's got us a apollo
sweater on the little boy did there's a
bunch of things yeah there's a ton of
things that Kubrick did on purpose
because he would put weird stuff like
that in his movies he's a fascinating
guy man you know he was like a
high-level mathematician no shit
yeah he would do high level mathematics
for fun while he wasn't doing movies Wow
yeah they had an exhibit at LACMA in LA
of a Stanley Kubrick exhibit for like
six months it was fucking wild that
place should be flattened they should
take all the homeless people move them
there that place is the most of the
biggest abomination of all Los Angeles I
went there there's a clear plastic box
that was yeah like this boxes are this
yeah this is art this is our art at our
space yeah me this box and this is our
earth like what okay they have it roped
off so you don't sit on the box yeah and
it took like a plexiglass box like get
the fuck out of my face with this yeah
you know what you're doing another piece
of art was like people throwing
basketballs in the nets it was like like
videos of basketballs like over and over
and over again throwing basketballs I'm
like hey hey hey fuck you fuck you I
know what you're doing I know what
you're doing you don't this is art you
know this is not okay you know then
there was some art there when there was
some of that stuff there was some things
you like hey fuck you with this box yeah
I know what you're doing and you get
paid for this yeah who's paying you is
this taxpayer funded isn't it
LACMA yes yeah they probably have to pay
the people to rent their art bro the
fucking real estate they're living in
yeah some reason about Museum is that
only something like 7% like most
collections are what you see there's so
much stuff in storage like cool shit
that people might want to see that
there's not room for because the
buildings aren't big enough lots of like
instruments for instance 300 year old
violins getting used by like kids
because it's cheaper to just keep them
in use and send them around than it is
to distort it and hope it like restore
it eventually like after it's unused for
25-30 years because of all the old
horsehair or whatever is they used to
make each thing but there's really cool
art but pride to Vinci or who knows
what's hidden in some of these places
but people that work there know and get
to see some of it you know what's
interesting to me people that buy
dinosaur skeletons
apparently there's a giant market for
them in China they'll spend like a
million dollars and buy a dinosaur
skeleton you walk in this motherfuckers
house fuck your artwork that's pretty
badass goddamn t-rex in my li like that
you imagine yeah you walk into some some
guy's palace some emerald Palace and you
open these two fucking teakwood doors
and you see a dinosaur in the middle of
his front entrance that's what they're
going for so they're buying this it's
nothing Nicolas Cage returns stolen
Mongolian dinosaur skull he bought at
gallery Soros what does that move my
animal Tyrannosaurus Bataar have you
heard of that man ata AR well it will be
repatriated ah I like that word after it
was bought by the actor from Beverly
Hills gallery in 2007 a t-rex skull Wow
but he bought it for two hundred seventy
six thousand dollars that's a pretty
good deal why was 2007 I think he said
yeah she wasn't worth as much back then
so fun man nothing stops you in your
tracks and in like Museum of Natural
History is a good fucking dinosaur
skeleton especially the ones that eat
things like meat meat I don't want that
big guys stupid plant eating
brontosaurus get that bitch oh yes what
is that
that's a weird elephant he's a fucking
vegan who wants to hang out with a vegan
about here I'm not scared
I want some teeth let me see teeth and
claws what shit design huh giant head
little tiny baby arms yeah it was shit
design yeah what is he doing with those
arms what the fuck is the purpose of
those arms Lindy there's the only animal
that I can think of that developed that
way and was a de was he a plant eater no
t-rex of t-rex yeah yeah t-rex was they
they don't know if t-rex was a predator
or if t-rex was a scavenger they think
by the shape there's some some talk that
by the shape of his bones that what he
might have been doing was using those
bones to crush giant dinosaur bones and
that like he might be surviving on
undead things
yeah and that they also had some
speculation that they might have had
they don't want no what they really
looked like because they don't know the
skin color they had some speculation
that they might have had faces like
vultures like red fucked up really
brightly colored faces just to let you
know they're disgusting and then Haiti
you know cause like when you see
vultures it's not a coincidence that
they're the grossest fucking looking
animal on the planet and all they eat is
dead shit yeah and they're big vultures
are fucking big that's a big animal
flopping around these giant wings but
we're not nearly as impressed by them as
we are with an eagle you see like the
vulture is never gonna be the fucking
national bird get out of here with that
bullshit we killed ourselves bro well
know what I'm here for say scavenger ass
fucked up red face stupid bird yeah Oh
Sonia I think it opens some the 8th of
June just sorry they have this brand new
deep time oh that's Irish shale natural
history dinosaur exhibit and this is
some of the highlights of what they have
there they have this like t-rex Wow
Triceratops yeah Jesus John brush elk
the saber-tooth cat bunch of those stuff
like you're just talking about it so I'm
sure they might have some of these
answers to the questions and this is
where which DC Smithsonian naturally
when does this come out that's its
opening now so like they just built it
and I just do all the press seems pretty
cool yeah I mean who owns the dinosaur
skeletons
who owns that at the Smithsonian I think
is it's free cuz it's us taxes so some
of the stuff I guess we technically own
I guess so hmm I don't sit DC or New
York one of them doesn't charge for any
of the museum's I think it might be DC
us the Smithsonian stuff is all free
when it's open it should be free my
friend John Dudley knows a dude who owns
a ranch in Montana and they found a
t-rex on its property oh shit yeah Wow
found a bone out there moving around
stuff on his properties like what the
fuck is this oh it's cleaning it up
find something brings in some
paleontologists they start digging
they're like whoa daddy yeah we got a
t-rex here alright yeah yeah that's it
that's a fucking job people get obsessed
with that and I go I'm gonna be an
archaeologist when I get older and then
you're standing in a fucking desert with
a toothbrush for eight hours a day
trying to find a bone what's up dude Sam
the guy's name from Sam O'Neil
sam neill sam neill sam neill from
Jurassic Park yeah nobody wants to be
him
everybody wants be Jeff Goldblum the guy
shows up with a sexy jacket and says
life finds a way huh it appears the
careers of life finds away
world's biggest t-rex discovered Jesus
Christ what is this huh estimated
nineteen thousand five hundred pounds
holy yeah that's holy shit and what can
those arms even do look at those dimes a
weird man
they're so weird and look how big the
feet and legs are and the giant ass head
that's the thing that thinking like that
this wasn't something that chased things
down they just sort of bent over and
just jacked whatever was on the ground
yeah but I don't know if that's like I
think there was some speculation and we
should google this because there was
something about the physics of its body
that it wouldn't be able to run fast
because it's so weirdly shaped they like
trying to figure out why is its head so
big it has little tiny ass arms and
these big-ass legs this big fucking tail
like can that thing run like what it
would and then there's also some
speculation that the atmosphere was way
different back then
and the atmosphere is much more
oxygen-rich maybe things just more
different you know like the physics run
longer and yes they're like maybe even
the physics of earth was a little
different in terms of like the way we
interacted with the gravity mm-hmm we
could wait with the interacted with the
atmosphere rather yeah yeah the
atmosphere like held them up somehow or
another like it was thicker but I read
things that I'm high on I don't know
what the fuck I read I think this is
just saying that it could have been
slower maybe then in the Jurassic Park
wouldn't have been running that it says
running would have broken an adult
Tyrannosaurus rexes legs see I don't but
okay google this because so now we know
that there's people that think that he
couldn't run because of the shape google
the atmosphere was different during the
Jurassic period because there was some I
mean it might have been horseshit it was
just an article that was written about
how like we have to take into account
the whole world was like different
before that giant asteroid came and
fucked up everything and slammed into
Chichen itz you know that says that the
oxygen levels might have been about 20
to 30 percent higher during that time
period so it might have been harder to
breathe I guess I'm not sure hardly to
breathe a sudden drop in oxygen from
roughly 30% of the atmosphere of the
atmosphere to about 10 percent may have
contributed to mass extinctions Oh from
the impact the dinosaur so that was one
of the things they thought killed
there's a bunch of different ideas they
have of how quickly the dinosaurs died
off but one of the more interesting ones
that I saw recently was that they all
died almost instantly this is it what it
made it more humid with higher levels of
carbon dioxide and more likely more
cloud cover hmm it just is gasping for
breath harder - I just keep seeing that
stuff's just harder to breathe during it
yeah that doesn't have anything to do
with the way they moved though there was
something about I remember reading
something about the way a t-rex move but
it's a fucking mystery cuz it's not not
like you look at a crocodile you're like
oh I get it uses those four legs to get
you this big fat face hmm you know it
makes sense
right then you look at the t-rex like
why are you up in the air like that why
is your head so big what's with the
little legs the ones in the front one of
those things most of the arms what's up
with this weird body wrap that
weight of that head is a large iron yeah
it's crazy he needs to go to
Indianapolis get that thing fucking shit
yeah he's an insult maybe that's why so
mad fuck yeah how did they Father they
fuck how do they fuck Jesus Christ with
that tail how do you get out the pussy
with that tail hmm that's a crazy ass
tail yeah you'd have to come at it from
the side
you'd have to tackle her you'd have to
blindside her tackle her get a leg up in
the air get in like that you have to get
one leg but then what the fuck you have
no arms ya know ya know she can't give
me a job
t-rex tiny arms may have been vicious
weapons save it nerd
save it nerd what like unlike his
fucking giant face filled with huge
swords he's got a huge head filled with
swords trade off remnants of little
wings of flightless bird I was looking
at my thought maybe at one point I'd
heard that there's some one scientists
thought those were like remnants of
wings well that makes sense and they
weren't actually maybe arms but their
wings well that totally makes sense if
you think about like ostriches and shit
like that they used to have wings and
they turned into those things let me see
it again
let me see this fucking little shitty
arms that makes me way more sense that
wakes way more sense that the remnants
of four wings cuz like that if you think
about what an ostrich looks like you
could kind of morph an ostrich into a
t-rex right yeah I mean they don't have
a tail but they do have those fucked up
legs giant ass legs in a weird body and
a fucking head and when they look at you
they look at you like they look right
through you
like you don't mean shit like if you got
run over by a truck in front of an
ostrich they wouldn't even flinch yeah
they don't give a fuck about you now and
just like a dinosaur they just have this
bird face yeah they have zero compassion
for you yeah just have no empathy that's
why they have small arms they never hug
anybody no assholes all of those all
those fucking creatures that fly around
or used to they can all suck it all
birds all birds are gross I love when
people keep them as pets see if you can
find Opie Birds my bird loves me yeah
keep your window open yeah let's see
what happens
t-rex used to look like
vulture this is a weird one they don't
even even know what they're covering
feathers they think I'm I haven't
covered in feathers yeah that's a more
recent speculation they think that all
dinosaurs were covered in feathers Wow
yeah or most of them you know that's why
you know you see chickens chicken look
literally is a dinosaur just one that
lived when I made it oh that's one it's
creepy looking now there was one where
it had a red face there was some thing
yeah that's it right there
exactly yeah yeah so yeah that's how
they had it done with like feathers and
shit feathers in a big old red face I
don't know why we're attached to like
one idea what that fucking thing looked
like all we have is bones
have no idea what the skin was like
easily could have been covered in
feathers is it amazing that every kid I
don't know if it's girls too but every
boy gets fascinated with Dinosaurs at a
certain age isn't that weird oh yeah
it's like archetypal there's something
deep in your brain that wants to know
and connect with Dinosaurs when you're
like four or five years old because it's
such a fucking wild Hail Mary by nature
and they they ruled for so long and they
were snuffed out by a rock like if that
rock didn't hit Earth we would be under
the reign of these vicious fucking
reptiles mm-hmm roaming the planet
eating everything we would have never
evolved where we are we would have been
hiding in little holes in the ground
we'd be little mammals hmm this as good
as you're ever gonna get you're never
gonna develop a fucking city
good luck bitch this Raptors everywhere
they're just running around jack you
don't think Homo sapiens would have ever
never made it
mmm never got to that part we were moles
for hundreds of millions of years we
were these weird fucking creatures and
then from 65 million years ago that mole
evolved into a human being according to
these fucking scientists all their fancy
they have any $65,000 a year that you
have to pay for education yeah this book
I was just listening to
music and the brain talked about the
first instrument found is this I think
it was like a rib flute of like an
elephant or something that's like 50,000
years old but because it's a flute they
go that's probably most likely not the
first instrument being used because it
was probably drums you can get into a
flute that's making sounds it's a big
evolution yeah like how how farther back
do you think they were just using drums
before they had language you know that's
a good point
the hakka and new zealand that whole
thing yeah it's just a lot of sounds and
grunts yeah screaming yeah I'm Yoona
Kate yeah like what is the accepted
timeline for the invention of language
let's say you guess I don't know what it
is but let's say guess I want to say
language that was invented a hundred
thousand years ago what do you think is
that well then I'm gonna say it's 40 I'm
gonna say languages it was invented
40,000 years ago it was Homo Sapien
right is that yes first but homo sapien
didn't always have language right homo
sapien I think is 250,000 plus years old
there's like the argument from like 250
tickets shaky to like 350 400 whatever
there whatever it could be but they
think somewhere around there and the
other thing is like they intersected
with was it Neanderthal man that came
before him and originally they just
thought that one ended and the next one
started yeah but then in fact they
actually existed together yup for a long
time and they fought yep and they fucked
and Neanderthal was around way longer
the Ender thought survived for half a
million years so Neanderthal was alive
way longer than humans have been alive
then modern homo sapien
yeah what's up everything I keep finding
just says like it starts with ancient
Egypt
night that can't be that's probably a
written language spoken language at the
origin date of spoken language when
Neanderthal was bigger and stronger but
homo sapien
they organized yeah well they work with
life why what really happened cuz
Neanderthals actually have bigger brains
oh really
yeah but they're also built way better
wait wait different so it might have
been their bigger brains was too
oh they're much stronger body mmm
because they were like 5-7 250 pounds
and shit 20 pounds yeah they were built
there from the nose huh yeah they were
thick ass bones man like a 5-7 200-pound
man today like man that guy's got to be
lifting some weights basically my height
I'm 5/8 I weight 200 pounds so I'm built
like a Neanderthal like legitimately yes
they were all built like yeah that and
thicker right but with way denser bones
and bigger heads bigger heads bigger
arms bigger bones the bones in the
forearm the arms the legs everything was
thicker they were just more sturdy than
us they're like naturally like they
don't have to lift weights it would rip
your fucking arms off they were just
built like almost like a half a chimp
like on the way from being you know
Australia or you know Homo erectus or
Australia Pittacus or any of those early
man cut type species they were in that
you know there's there was a big thing
there was dozens of them they think
there's the ones out of Russia that they
found out about I think they're called
Denisovans there's those little Hobbit
people that we're in Australia Flores
for us they think there might be ones in
those places too even in Vietnam they
have one they call the orange pen deck I
think that's how you say it and that
they that's a like a little monkey man
like a little hairy man that lives in
the forest out there and before this
Hobbit discovery which was only like a
decade ago though the people that live
in the island of Flores and they found
out that this there was absolutely three
foot tall little hairy people that had
stone tools and you know and they
organized they lived in these places and
they use fire like that so it doesn't
really know shit yeah and they just
found that out within the last decade or
so so I mean how many of them were out
there how many other ones were out there
that we just don't have fossils up and
when you talk to a guy like Graham
Hancock who has that amazing book right
there called America before fuck that's
a good book I can't find even evidence
about ten thousand years ago seems to be
the most agreed-upon ten thousand
potential for for spoken link that's no
shit I only have evidence that goes back
too far there's people that say it
probably should go back as far back as
sixty thousand years but I don't believe
there have any evidence
to that to support that how would you
that's the problem is to when they
developed the larynx the voice box I
think they they trace it to that you
know that's the problem with history
right it's like who knows what the fuck
Lincoln said all we know is what Lincoln
wrote okay when you have Lincoln holding
hands with his boyfriend going for a
walk through the garden bitch you just
making shit up you make that a thing now
love there are there is speculation that
Abraham Lincoln was a gay man and they
slept with a man for long periods of
time
in the same bed but apparently people
did that very often back then for warmth
because you know you lived in a place
that was made out of wood that you
chopped down your fucking self should
have been for four years oh listen I
scold for four years in a row
I'd be tough to share a bed with Lincoln
he was fucking huge yeah he's all strong
too it's a wrestler was he yeah huh yeah
he was an excellent wrestler suppose and
he shared a bed with his uh captain
captain of his bodyguards whenever his
wife was away
hip hop array so maybe hey it might be
both me no we have to you know think
about it in context right I think if you
go back to the Greeks and the Romans gay
sex was way more common I mean it was
like almost like everybody was half gay
right see Hannah and pedophilia was just
a normal thing young boys like if you
read Socrates you read the history of
him or of a lot of scholars and like
really respected thinkers they had young
boys mm-hmm but they would bang so what
was what today is a horrific crime
against humanity was completely normal
back then yeah so when did that stop
when did do is to stop banging dudes and
did they just kind of do it and not talk
about it or was it it seems like
Christianity first brought about the
shame the sexual shame that we have
today so I would probably trace it back
to like 2,000 years ago
if you how here's the question how much
of being gay is stopped by society's
expectations like 1 is the percentage of
people who are actually gay who just
can't act on it because it just it but
their mom or their religion or their
church they go to or they're you know
they got married and they had kids but
they really want to be gay how much of
that exists today
look what percentage out of all all the
gay activity if you could put it on a
pie chart you have many more gay people
would there be if that didn't
there was just no one form - yeah
there's no expectations from religion
no expectations from your community hi
bien would you fuck yeah do you think
you'd be a top or a bottom top that's
what everybody thinks I'd be a screaming
bottom crying I'd be a running bottom
it'd be just like when you're
waterboarded you'd be fuckin the
spasming uncontrollably
[Laughter]
there's that that's what a lot of the
guys are into unfortunately just sets
the bigotry community waterboard he's a
runner got fucked getting butt-fucked by
waterboarding it's the new black it's
the new thing yeah it's the rage it's
all the rage nipple clamps and mmm did
you ever watch orange is the new black
a couple times was it any good it's not
bad I just I mean I felt like the
characters were a little too over
overdrawn I didn't buy them as real
people too much they seemed like it felt
like a writer coming up with a character
as opposed to like really trying to
portray human behavior but then again
I've never been in a women's prison my
mom worked in a women's prison for years
dude really yeah and she talked about
they were all Vic and we were talking
about earlier about um you know women
who were abused and every fucking one of
them was abused sexually physically
almost all of them are in jail because
of a guy they were carrying drugs for a
guy they stay fuckin killed a guy
because he kept attacking her it was
pretty rare you know and a lot of it was
obviously drug use but that stems from
usually childhood abuse yeah but that
but up for a lot of them my mom said it
was the best environment they'd ever
lived in because there was a solidarity
among a lot of the women there was a lot
of support there was education there
were support groups you know and and
they developed relationships with women
without men around mhm and so they were
able to foster and nurture real female
empowered relationships that's so sad
and cool at the same time yeah right
it's sad but it's like well it's nice
that something is working out for the
like women in jail seem didn't have a
way better time of it than men in jail
just seems like a better deal I think so
you probably not getting beat up as much
isn't there a new reality show about
women in jail with her following these
women it's not just women most of them I
saw that's called jailbirds on Netflix
so Washington yes that's right is that
good so bad yeah it follows them in like
the Sacramento Jail like the weather in
holding her it seems like there's so
many fucking shows about people in jail
that it must be like prisoners must get
agents now oh my like get off for a
second offer from MSNBC for lockup Greg
they like you but they'd like you to
just get some face tattoos do you think
you'd be good you know they'll put you
on yeah hey Andy right okay any bad guys
show think of NES guys in jail Greg
Fitzsimmons got that from them we're
giving you a two-year option but I'm
only in here for one you follow golf
right yeah I wanted to talk to you about
this because it's so ridiculous I saw
this guy got suspended from his serious
golf show because he was talking about
the LPGA and he goes who who's gonna win
the LPGA he goes let me go out on a limb
and say it's gonna be a Korean he's
apparently Koreans went a lot of 70% of
the LPGA is Korean
that's crazy something he said he goes
pick a name he goes is Italy
how many leads do we have that entered
and it's like six Li's six leaves
because their six leads they said he was
racist and sexist and they suspended him
for those comments like first of all
it's not bad to win okay when he's
saying who he thinks gonna win
probably a Korean well that's good that
means that Koreans kick ass at golf
that's not fucking racist right it's not
racist to say that it's also not racist
to say maybe their name is Lee cuz
there's a lot of Lee's that's not racist
that's accurate it turns out there were
six Lee's yeah like come on folks
we're not saying anything bad you're
talking about something that everybody
loves which is golf yeah you all love it
that's why you're listening to golf
radio and you've had an impoverished
country that is found a way like black
people found boxing or Irish guys found
the fucking police force like you find
something to rise up out of well Koreans
work hard
I mean guarantee that's part of it yeah
that's part it's a part of the culture I
had a very good friend of mine that I've
talked to my main times of this podcast
who was a u.s. national champ
while he was in medical school national
Taekwondo Channel and I realized how
hard some people scream oh yeah Jung
sook Chang that was his dance yeah great
guy one of my favorite people I've ever
met I loved him to death I don't know
why it's women but in men's golf and
men's golf is very international now
it's never had more players from around
the world but not a lot of Koreans it
was like a Japanese guy who's way up top
and and there's another Korean guys good
but nothing like LPGA that's interesting
I don't know anything about I didn't
know anything about Koreans in golf
before I saw that but we have to make a
differentiation between something that
is about a race and something that's
racist yeah this is not negative
you're literally talking about a
positive thing they're winners you want
to win no you want to win you're trying
to win right well they win a lot they're
awesome at it
yeah it's not they're not cheating
they're just kicking ass they're better
at golf
yeah and some of them are namely there's
nothing racist here this is not rare
upset because the ratings for the LPGA
are way down
they want to see Americans playing so
there's like yeah it's a big issue
because so meanings you think his
attitude is racist because he's like
mocking it because koreans winning it so
he doesn't care I don't know no I don't
think it's his intention I think there's
a sensitivity about it because it's
become an issue I get that I get that
that makes sense but it just doesn't
make sense if you're just going off what
he said well what he said I what I'm
getting is you're being super fucking
sensitive with how you how you treat
people that are talking about winners
yeah like that's the case with Filipinos
and pool Filipinos are some of the
greatest pool players of all time some
of my all-time favorite pool players are
from the Philippines Francisco
Bustamante Efrain Rhea's Rodolfo Lou
watt Alex pakya lion some of the
greatest of all time Dennis are cool oh
all those guys were Filipino there's at
the top of the food chain man when you
saw those guys playing a tournament like
fuck like you knew they were winning
yeah I mean F and Reyes want everything
Bustamante want everything he's got
murderers and if you said like who's
gonna win this tournament probably a
Filipino everybody would start laughing
well yeah probably
there wouldn't be a negative it'd be a
positive yeah they're the some of the
best in the world at pool that's not
racist that's accurate
yeah now what is it with it with MMA
what are what are the big nationalities
that's a good question Russians the
Russians are murdering it right now
there's a lot of badass Russia's
wherever what life is hard I'm gonna
find fighters and you're gonna find
people that survive where life is hard
and thrive and then that's how you get
like a khabib nurmagomedov you got a
hard motherfucker who knows how to fight
and then it scares shit
same thing with Conor McGregor you get a
hard neighborhood a hard life you know
growing up in Dublin dangerous fighting
since he was young you know that's how
you get these beasts and then but a lot
of American MMA guys come from wrestling
or the military right yeah some of them
some of them from the military you know
it's rare you know we had special forces
guy like
Kennedy of course is probably the most
famous Brian Stann also military veteran
and you look at these guys that are you
know the the guys that are capable of
being seals or Rangers or Green Berets
they're just elite humans they're just
the people that know how to do things
and push themselves in a way that other
people don't
sometimes that translates over the
fighting sometimes doesn't yeah you know
sometimes they just don't have the
physical capability of it like they
might have the mindset to survive war
and the ability to get through buds and
to get through grueling physical
training but you ain't beaten John Jones
you know like there's just levels to
this thing there's genetic levels you
know John Jones says like some of the
best genetics ever and then uses them as
good as anybody that's ever existed best
at controlling distance of all time he's
got two brothers or NFL players so this
like super genetics and they're right
both his brothers are NFL stars that's
amazing and he's the baddest light
heavyweight of all time any smart so
it's not just physical it's also
intellectual he's also sets traps for
people he measures them he sees what
they're doing and he fails him weakening
he pressures and puts heavy pressure on
people he knows when to ebb and flow
he's just a genius at fighting do
lightweights have longer careers no no I
would say the opposite I would say the
bigger guys actually have they can
compete at a higher level deep into
their 30s and even 40s a grand eco-tour
I think I think here even the
heavyweight title when he was 42
checkers I would think there's be more
knockouts with heavyweights is a lot of
knockouts with every ways but they their
bodies maintain what got them to the
dance later in life like George Foreman
George Foreman won the heavyweight title
I think he was 46 when he knocked out
Michael Moore
so oldest ever heavyweight champion and
that's just unheard of at welterweight
you're not gonna see 46 year old
welterweights
winning the world title against Earl
Spencer jr. something like that you just
not gonna see that 43 he was 43 Randy
was yeah and find out how old George
Foreman was when he knocked out Michael
Moore so that's crazy that's crazy old
43 yeah you don't see that 125 pounds
you just don't you just don't 125 pounds
no one wins the title at 43 so just the
mass almost helps you survive something
like that I also think they lose less as
they get older he was 44 45
so yeah George form was the oldest ever
heavyweight champion at 45 crazy Wow you
know like that is so unusual as like a
middleweight the only one who maintained
a world championship caliber skill set
deep into his 40s was Bernard Hopkins
and Archie Moore when Archie Moore was
younger and was you know we're talking
about the rocky marciano days that was
he fought deep into his 40s as well but
he was just a real crafty veteran he
actually also trained George Foreman
which is very interesting
so like that crafty veteran trained
George Foreman to be a crafty veteran
yeah and maintain his power he had a
real unusual remember but George Foreman
used to almost like put his hands up
like he didn't know how to fight yeah
almost like that but that was his
defense he would move forward like this
because he was so big he was such an
enormous man with these enormous arms so
when he would stack them on top of each
other and walk towards you like that it
was his weird offense and he learned
that from Archie Moore that's part of
the part of his defense and holding his
hands up in a weird way he learned from
Archie Moore right well you know the
oldest hockey player in the NHL is the
also the biggest six foot eight the guy
is a Dana Chara Colin's 43 what's that
name what is his name Zidane Achara what
Slovakian yeah he that dude is from the
Lord of the Rings listen to that name
they gave birth to him in a meadow
they rode a horse out there it was
destiny they predicted how long I was
yeah this that name in Viking he's an
animal and he fights I saw oh yeah I saw
this one fight where he hit a guy and
the guy kind of took a dive and he he
leaned down and picked him up with one
hand and started punching him with the
other lifted him off the ice on hand
yeah I saw one thing that a guy did
that's really fucked up a guy hip tossed
a dude he judo threw him
like he swept him like he grabbed ahold
of him swept his leg out kicked his leg
out like a chi mata and slammed his
fucking head onto the ground
he's rough yeah yeah I was like man that
ain't the same as fighting like you you
know you're on ice yeah no one's told
him he couldn't do it right but he used
some really fucking sneaky shit yeah you
know yeah they fighting and they need
chat is funny there's a there's really
great clips of guys talking to each
other before fights mmm and it's
amazingly calm they literally go like
hey you want to go and the guy will be
like y'all go and then they fight and
then they three and then as soon as one
the other guy goes yeah they just throw
their gloves down and they start
fighting it's all it's all part of the
game it's all fucking orchestrated and
there's players that fight and there's
players that don't and if you're on it
if you're on the ice with another goon
then it's it's expected that you guys
are gonna fight at some point yeah what
a crazy way to make a living
bare-knuckle fighting a slippery floor
yeah but you know they don't they don't
get hit that much because they get the
jersey up they do they get hit enough
though yeah I've been watching dudes who
have skills now you're seeing way more
guys who have boxing skills all right
doing this yeah guys who like laying
like short uppercuts
right f talks where you like oh my god I
gotta turn that punch over that guy
knows how to punch yeah there's not as
many over hands when you're all you're
doing the overhead in the guy in the
helmet with your fists
yeah the flailing sometimes you don't
see that sometimes you've seen guys who
throw fucking straight punches in like
yeah alright you don't know how to fight
it and then this guy knows how to do
that while he's out yeah this one look
at this boom boom vest in my house at
home wow that's a good ko while he's
holed and then he gives him one why he's
going down and then he goes down he's
out cold boom boom yeah right from the
shoulder oh yeah that guy can punch Hey
and he's you're punching in the face
while he's punching you in the face -
it's chaos it's a terrible way to play
not only a great fighter one of the best
players in the league and also and also
a great fighter Wow that's a crazy sport
man doesn't get enough love yeah yeah
get the average person name a famous
hockey players currently playing I know
this is the same guy this crazy thing
happened this year this is an insane
video to watch I can't show it every
people at home I might have seen this
but the puck literally flies and hits
him right in the face and he barely
moves as it might have should show it
again in slow motion right here you
check to see if his teeth got knocked
out oh man you got bucked right in the
mug yeah bro
that is hard wow that guy can take it
fuck it do you know the fucking Bruins
and actually dropped Game one last night
against the Blues but the Bruins are set
to win the Stanley Cup which means
Boston will win the fucking Super Bowl
the World Series and the Stanley Cup in
one year I remember when we lived there
they couldn't win yeah it was like they
had such a fury already complex yeah and
they would get close like the Celtics
are good at Larry Bird and Danny they
have it forever cuz like what was last
time though the Yankees won the World
Series how long ago was that she's 2008
so it's been 11 years I know I could be
way off on that but they still have it
there's still the Yankees you know yeah
but for the Red Sox
they never pulled it off and then that
Bill Buckner thing
Bill Buckner just died I know so sad so
and that's the thing about being a boy
because I grew up a Mets fan we had
season tickets to the Mets since I was a
little kid and so when they get into the
World Series and I was going to school
in Boston
surrounded by Massholes watching these
fucking games and they're just I'm sorry
if you're from Boston take it the fuck
easy about your sports they're so loud
like like like last night with the with
the Bruins game they they boo the entire
they introduced the Blues they boo every
fuckin player it's just it's barbaric
they're animals so then fuckin Buckner
who's this storied amazing player who's
a journeyman he's been out there forever
they put him at first base he used to be
an outfielder but he he slowed down I
think he had bad legs or something I put
him at first base he gets a fucking ball
hit to him it it took a bad hop watched
the video it took a bad hop and he
missed it and they fucking there were
death threats they dropped him that year
he went down a pot Tucket in Rhode
Island
playing the miners they showed up there
and fucking terrorized them he had to
move out to like Arizona to hide because
these fucking Boston fans I remember
people walk in the streets what year was
that eighty 46 City six I remember
people walking the streets they'd just
be walking around the neighborhood with
their hands in their hair like fuck yeah
after they lost fuck yes walk in the
street yeah yeah we're so mad it was all
anybody wanted to talk about alright
because they hadn't won a World Series
since 2017 or something it was crazy
I was already 2019 17 yeah 1917 I was
already over baseball at that point I
wasn't interested in baseball anymore
so for me it was really fascinating to
watch yeah watch these people cuz I had
gone from caring about baseball to being
obsessed with martial arts and that was
in the trend like I got obsessed with
martial arts in like 81 so by the time
86 rolled around like what the fuck are
you people paying attention to yeah some
guy dropped a ball you're gonna be okay
yeah what is this not only that but that
same year I believe it was that same
year the the Mets that same year that
paid the Patriots lost to the Bears in a
Super Bowl and they got it was one of
the biggest blowouts in Super Bowl
history oh yeah they were riding off of
that - it was rough times times for
Boston yeah I I don't want to live there
because I can't deal with the cold I'm
too much of a pussy these days yeah but
I love those fucking animals Oh
Boston's the best love boss they're
different yeah yeah yeah their
characters the different growing up
there I think for both of us like to
start and to start our comedy careers
there I think was insanely valuable yeah
because they're not taking any bullshit
there they're not they're not taking any
half-assed act slow and meandering and
self-absorbed not happening now and it's
still like that still like I was just
there and it's like they don't here's
what here's what it is when you walk on
stage in Boston the audience doesn't
automatically by default give you credit
for being in charge right you have to
earn it every time yeah your first joke
first joke in Boston is fucking clutch
you got to get up there and get a laugh
fast yeah it's fucking cold there in the
winter it makes
that's right it makes people that know
how to get past that fucking hump yeah
that's a three month hump where it sucks
you remember that yeah it's brutal
number
it's fucking windy down the stitches
fucking calm EV it's fucking freeway
ting for the joy just trembling while
you wait for the train outdoors I'm
gonna fuck an underground subway no
outside yeah they smush together but
it's freezing every time the door opens
what's fucking freezing fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck yeah get in your car in the
morning to start it like fuck okay so
cold and they also have the it says it's
an immigrant city too you know they had
all the Italians and the Irish they all
came in and they fucking fought it out
over real estate where they were gonna
live who's gonna get the Union jobs and
it created a very tough that's it's like
Philly or the Bronx
there's just cities where they had that
that fighting at the turn of the century
yeah I think it's that it was the
magical ingredient for stand-up that's
part of the magical ingredient the
magical ingredient wasn't just that
there was guys like Barry Crimmins and
Lenny Clarke and Steve Sweeney and Don
Gavin and Mike Donovan and all these
brilliant comedians that we saw that we
were so lucky to see it was also that
they they were being their audiences
were savages yeah so they're like great
how about another joke you know great
how about another one like they'll keep
coming you come with the jokes okay
jokes like they want joke joke joke like
those guys like when you'd watch like
Lenny Clarke murder a room there was no
no one's getting a break there's no
breathing yeah you're just getting
pounded
yeah he's just smashing it those guys
developed in that style where people
just were constantly wanting to be
amused like let's go look you know what
the fucking meandering yeah they wanted
wanted want it with attitude they went
an anti-authoritarian attitude it was
always like I remember Kenny Rogers joke
of like I remember I'm not saying I was
drinking a lot but I I drove into a lake
got pulled over by the Coast Guard
they said I you've been drinking I go
I'm gonna lake
[Music]
it was always just fuck you to it though
you know yeah everything was like so I'm
doing a bump yeah anything was like
doing lines and drinking and chaos yeah
John Tobin who runs the left Boston he's
telling me the story he's a fucking if
you ever want to hear Gavin stories for
an hour straight go to lunch with John
Tobin and bring a fucking handkerchief
cuz he's got Don Gavin stories he's
sucking about had Gavin who likes to
drink White Russians does a Late Show
and goes up there and repeats a joke and
he walks off stage and one of the
comedians goes uh Don you said the same
joke twice up there and he goes record
six six times oh my god
how drunk are you like on death's door
you're like rubbing your face on the
door yeah
but it's also they're not giving a shit
that he didn't give a fuck he still
didn't give a fuck last time I saw him
still Don Gavin yeah as a slow down
drinking one hand big smile on his face
he's always been my favorite he's one of
the greatest of all time yeah my opinion
yeah what from what I've seen I mean he
was so sharp in the 80s in the early 90s
when we were around he was so sharp he
his punchlines would come one after the
other and you didn't see him come in and
they would just catch off-guard little
offbeat punchlines yeah yeah we'll throw
ways yeah like throwaway line that was
like that some of the funny shit you
ever heard yeah that that whole bit that
used to do about going to a salad bar oh
yeah oh my god yeah he was a murderer he
goes up front they got chickpeas in the
back he got the lobster giving you the
finger which is so lucky man we're so
lucky we got to experience that because
I think it's so different out here now
like where we're at now is like like if
comedy was an education what we're
hanging around with a bunch of tenured
professors right in LA yeah yeah
everyone's got tenure everyone's like
you know whether it's Jeselnik or
you know Neil Brandon are you or what
this is just a gang of headliners like a
swamp of headliners but when we were
doing it man it was so uncertain there
was not there was not that thing where
there was like this established
community of like nationally touring
stand-up comedians that you were around
all the time you didn't know nobody had
any TV credits nobody any TV crap one
headliner it was all about and the
beauty of it was it was a total
meritocracy because you there were guys
like you know Gavin ass we there was
there were half a dozen guys that could
draw yeah and the rest of us were hired
because there was a comedy night
somebody fucking hand drew comedy on a
sign and put it in front of a Chinese
restaurant and you showed up and you got
booked because the Booker thought you
could kill it's all that mattered was
that you could do a good job and said
can you do it
credits you have not fucking Twitter
account you have once you got credit so
then you could do the road that was the
difference yeah to get out of Boston you
needed a credit yeah when you're doing
the road they all wanted to know what TV
show you've been on they all wanted to
know that yeah have you done comedy
spotlight what about a half hour comedy
hour have you done this and if you had
HBO special holy shit yeah that was the
bomb diggity
you were headlining every club you
wanted to yes guys got an HBO special
but back then everyone that we knew had
nothing I remember Budd Friedman came to
town in the early 90s when it was
evening at The Improv was like the
original remember the strip shot
stand-up comedy show that put it on them
put any on the map it was their first
big show I remember he came to town
there was a showcase at Duck Soup and we
all we all went up and then Budd
Friedman who fucking great guy takes us
all out to dinner afterwards and sits us
down and he goes goes through each of us
he goes you did a great job you need a
little bit more work I like that bit you
do and he gets a day Fitzgerald and he
goes you got it you're doing the show
and we were just all like Fitzgerald is
one people thought they forgot about
he was very funny yeah he was great very
funny tight great drinking stories yeah
he's another guy that found his stage
legs during alcoholics Anonymous
meetings right there's a few those guys
it's like yeah you know you know they
say they say you gotta a meetings in the
end up just getting addicted to coffee
yeah I never walked out of a Dunkin
Donuts with a wildebeest on my arm my um
my my
and the more Boston accent you had in
Boston the more they loved you yeah you
know hey Lenny was the only one who had
legitimate credits because at that time
like even in the 80s Lenny had already
been on Rodney Dangerfield special THP
oh yeah yeah I think when I worked with
them it was after he had been on Rodney
Dangerfield's like I had Lenny on like
three weeks ago four weeks ago he was a
fucking hilarious he's still so funny
man yeah he's all healthy now totally
sober exercises but I opened up for him
like the second time I ever got paid and
I think it was after he had already been
on HBO I think it was like right
afterwards so he was literally partying
with Kennison and he was in the middle
of like his his run where he started got
his television show out here he talked
about that - about how he got ripped off
his agents stole all of his money no
shit you don't know that story now I'll
send you the link
fine I don't want to repeat the story
cuz you I don't you want to hear him say
wow there was a big scandal those his I
think was called spotlight agency I
forget what the yes spotlight number
they stole everybody's money yep yeah
they stole everybody's money got one
agent just yeah a lot of colleges and
stuff but but there's a story about how
Jim McCauley who booked the Tonight Show
forever
he said it he'd heard about Boston and
he's like and they're telling him and
this is back in like maybe the mid-80s
and they're telling him about how you
got to go to Boston and all the great
comics were in Boston that you got to
you know talk about all the names we
just said so he sets up a showcase at
the what was that dead Chinese
restaurant that was like the original
room which one Kowloon no beef
oh the ding ho ding ho yeah they set up
a showcase of the ding ho
and all the guys come down and they're
in the greenroom and they're drinking
they're doing blow they're cracking each
other up and they all go up there and
they do fucking you know local
references and they're doing jokes about
the Boston accent and McCall is just
sitting there going what the fuck is
going on here and then Steven Wright
goes up and he does Steven Wright and
and they find out a couple days later
nobody got it except Steven Wright and
Steven Wright at that time Lennie told
him I think it was Lenny one of them sat
Steven Wright down and goes Steve you're
a sweet guy you're a terrific kid this
isn't for you because he used to bomb in
Boston because he was he was monotone
and you know he was doing his shtick and
it didn't play in Boston oh yeah it did
for these guys they told him you should
stop and then he got The Tonight Show
they fly them out he does a set Johnny
liked him so much they said can you stay
another week did another spot and in
that first year he must have done for
tonight's shows and he became fucking
huge and got a special out of it and
they're all sitting at home going like I
fucking killed that night yeah whoops
telling them that to quit that's
hilarious yeah comedy had only been
around for 30 years yeah you tell him to
quit nobody knows how to do it yet right
you don't imagine I'm I'm an expert in
this you gotta quit like nobody nobody
can really tell you that you can never
figure it out cuz comedy is not that
different than anything else and then if
you really put a lot of time and effort
and attention to it you get better at it
mm-hmm so if you got any laughs at all
you can get you might not be doing it
the right way
but that's part of the process right
yeah I think George Carlin said no
matter how bad a comedian is there's
always one joke and his act that I go
god I wish I wrote that joke
and if you have that one joke it means
you're capable of writing one yes and
sometimes your life changes and it puts
you in a different space that makes you
a better comedian whether it's your
performance or your writing but we go
and comedy is
it's a you're displaying what's going on
inside of you when you're on stage on
some level your anger your fear whatever
it is it comes out in your performance
yeah and so if something changes
fundamentally and you're like sometimes
it's getting married sometimes your
father dies whatever you see people
change they get sober and they can they
can suddenly get good yeah it can happen
if it's like anything else in your life
if you run into someone they lost 100
pounds like what the fuck you lost a
hundred pounds how did you do it I just
made a change I just decided I'm not
doing that anymore I'm gonna live my
life different and then I started riding
that momentum and then here we are all
right
16 months later yeah that could happen
with anything I remember Jim Norton when
he started wasn't that funny struggled
and all sudden boom found his voice he's
fuckin great yeah it's weird when
someone can't find their voice right
it's like there's that uncertainty of
life yeah it's gonna work out yeah I
wasted my time then you find it yeah or
not or not you know and again it's
dependent also about how good are you at
recognizing when you fuckin up how good
at you are do you gloss over mistakes or
do you examine them and learn from them
yeah because if you gloss over god damn
it takes forever to figure it out cuz
you got to play little games with
yourself and pretend you didn't do bad
so if you didn't do bad you don't feel
bad if you don't feel bad you're not
gonna change yeah that's part of the
reason that exists that that horrible
feeling when you fuck something up like
that is so that's the the back that's
the biological buzz like hey fuckface
you lost this is bad figure this out but
if you can lie to yourself you don't
feel that Bob did fart it was amazing I
was really the crowd sucked
well that's why getting sober can can
affect that change because that's
ultimately what sobriety is you know if
you have a problem you keep lying
yourself when you go you know I'm fine
it was just last night I'm not gonna do
that again
yeah or you can say it was that crowd
and then you know you'll see them
struggle in some sort of weird way but
comedy is it's so a band follow
depending on day to day it's like
talking to people you know you talking
to people on a day-to-day basis like the
people are different day to day they
subtly this way or that way
and when you get enough people in a
fucking room and they drink and it's
weird and then maybe you're a little
tired and then it comes off strange like
god that's that sucked I need to get
another set under my belt and then the
next set you're like boy I don't want it
to be like that last set so I'm gonna
fire the fuck up and then oh this one
was good good good
and we relaxed now just I don't have to
work that hard oh sorry
yeah motherfucker and you're like okay
we're playing this game are we yeah
that's the process yeah and if there I
never have a better set than after a bad
set yeah always you're on your toes
yeah I try to play a little game with
myself where I pretend I just ate shit
oh really where I go and say the protons
just ate shit no a chance to redeem
myself let's go Wow yeah I play little
games with myself sometimes I had last
night I had a who was sitting in the
crowd Oh Andy Kindler was sitting in the
crowd with son of a bitch Andy and I
love out there oh and uh Harlan Williams
who are both like such interesting
comedians that they're watching me and
you feel I usually don't give a fuck
who's watching me but last night was the
Improv and that was like nobody there
and I felt like I can't mail it in with
a regular set I got to fuck around here
a little bit and I had just had a
fucking great set because it it made me
dig in a little yes yes that's one of
the really good aspects about the Comedy
Store these days - is it as always
people that you respect in the room yeah
there's always one there right know is
always a lot of whites there you know
they complement the other night on one
of my jokes that felt nice yeah the
Sebastian's a guy that struggled
struggled titty or her Leone got a hard
time a hard time finding his voice and I
didn't get a chance to see how good he
had become and I watched him on Showtime
in a hotel room in Vegas I was there for
UFC or something
watched Sebastiao Showtime special and I
was like god damn this is good I think I
tweeted about it either tweeted it or I
emailed him I don't remember which I was
like that is fucking he's fucking good
yeah he's really good I watched him at
the store the other night I mean Jesus
he is bigger than life up there he just
dominates the room she's very good and
it took a while took a while for him to
find that thing and I it happened while
I was a was not around the company
stores I really couldn't didn't get a
chance to see his sets so before it was
funny he was funny but he would have
good sets and bad sets he was kind of
struggling a little bit hmm
but they he found it yeah just took his
time worked hard
always hustled found it to Jessel next
last special so fucking good he's so
good I mean it's like I've always liked
them I've always enjoyed what and I
don't watch people's whole hour rarely
but I've always watched his whole hours
his writing is just so like intensely
it's he's a craftsman he works hard and
there is 2013 Ducati special hotel room
laughed my ass off
let's podcast you sexy bitch yeah that
was that was 2013 I had been still out
of the store I'd been out of store for
like at that point shit that was on six
years
I hadn't been the store in six yeah
special was excellent I just love guys
like him and and and Harlin's what one
of those guys to that there comedy is
very specific to them like Brody was a
great example that Brody's comma is so
specific to Brody like if you see eight
one eight to like die like why is that
funny to you but to you without you like
you immediately got a smile thinking
about Brody saying it cuz calmly was so
specific to him I was a male model in
Pakistan I was on the cover of camel
beet
oh he was so funny we would ask him to
do those jokes - and please do the
male-model joke
like you'd yell out some Brody did you
ever do any modeling funny ask ya Rogen
supportive aegyo Brody how did you get
to the store tonight La Cienega North
took it to San Vicente he would just say
names of roads in LA for five minutes
and it was funny for whatever reason
yeah god I miss that guy he was like to
me it was always like he was trying to
make people laugh and he was also trying
to blow himself up he was trying to fill
himself up yeah he was like he was doing
self affirmations with this comedy he
wasn't boasting he was trying to
convince himself that he was good enough
to be up there forever in my office I
had a photo a laminated photo that said
Office Depot employee of the month
and it was Brody and he took this photo
it was like what he was using as a
headshot it's I kept it just to give me
a smile I was riding I put it up on my
little cork board so you can find that
man I needed to get another one of those
I don't know what the fuck happened to
it when he died I've never seen I don't
think I've ever seen a turnout for a
comedian dying said it the way that
laminated in my office please do me a
favor and print that up and let's get it
get that turned into another one that I
put in my office cuz I somewhere in the
move from this studio from the old
studio this studio I lost it but I
always had that in my office was just to
look at just cuz Brody was just so Brody
yeah he was just open raw and he you
know he was one of those guys where you
really have to be there you have to see
him yeah like it's um he's he's not he
doesn't translate
no one translates 100 that's a dirty
little secret about comedy specials you
don't translate a hundred percent of
what you're experiencing when you're in
that room that's why your writing has to
be even sharper and your act outs have
to be even sharper everything has to be
tightened down because you're not
experienced
the physical presence of all the
audience members and the comedian all in
this room together because it's an
intangible right so if like going to see
you live at the Wilbur theater if that's
a hundred percent watching you on
Netflix it's like 80 percent yeah
the take away all the other people
there's no other people there it's just
you you can pretend they're there but
they're not there so you don't have that
feeling of being in a public place with
a bunch of other people which lights you
up and then you don't have the comic
that you came to see right in front of
you you don't have that yeah you don't
have the air you're all sharing the same
air you're all in the room together you
feel each other in some sort of a weird
way so it's like 20% of every show but
with brilliance of the momentum of like
if you cut if you come to a comedy show
you're surrounded by people that have an
agenda to laugh they got a babysitter
they paid money they sat down they are
motivated you laugh and so now you're
surrounded by if you're the Wilbur
theater you have a thousand people that
all have that energy together you're
sitting in your underwear under a
blanket on a couch watching a show yeah
it's it's eighty percent though for the
most part yeah maybe might be in the
seventies seventy-nine percent what's
the best stand-up comedy special of all
time in your mind there error dependent
the thing about them is none of them
really last they're not its comedies one
of the most rapidly depreciating art
forms in the culture in terms of its
staying power try try and watch a movie
we loved in the 80s yeah try to watch a
comedy movie let's go why are you
showing me garbage yeah a few of them
stand-up blues Blues Brothers or yeah
but does it really it stands up because
it's a classic but if it came out today
would it be that much of a classic
probably not probably not things change
they evolve yeah in comedy they evolve
rapidly and they're unforgiving like I
always say Lenny Bruce who I think is
the main guy that started this whole
thing hmm
he started it I mean there was other
guys that were kind of doing it you know
there's more it's all there's a few guys
who are dealing you know some similar
stuff I'm sure that didn't become famous
but as far as guys that became famous at
that time who were genuinely regarded
almost universally as being brilliant
comedians Lenny Bruce was the mack daddy
like he was a guy who did all the
television shows he did all those shows
and they wanted him to come on and he
was brilliant he would go on there with
a great material and it was clean and
then he'd morphed you know he just kept
expanding and morphing and he got more
into drugs and just started just just at
the end of his career was really losing
his fucking mind there was just fighting
these obscenity cases yeah and he was
talking on stage there's videos of him
you could watch videos of him of that he
could buy that I bought VHS tapes up
back in the day where he would read the
transcripts of his trial on stage and
people would like tell jokes yeah come
on where's the fucking jokes like in the
end he just completely went off the
rails right but his his steps I think
were the first steps of modern stand-up
comedy so anything he did was the
greatest thing of all time back then and
you watch it now at all no neither
there's a lot of other prior holds up
prior holds out yeah
prior holds up liam hicks holds up but
in a weird way
yeah hicks holds up in a way where
you're you're realizing like wow this
guy was doing some shit that no one else
was doing back then hmm a young man on
acid realized that life is just you know
you know the whole bit that he does make
positive stories in the in the news ya
member exactly had a bit worse but it's
hilarious but that's a brilliant bit
yeah well-crafted bit he had a lot of
those old people should do stunts in
movies yes
yeah those yeah I mean he had some great
shit man they were great bits
he was a different guy what he did is he
like made people in the audience think
about ideas that he probably wouldn't
have thought about if not for his act
and he challenged you to be smarter like
though there's part of that one of the
things that Hicks was doing it's like he
was
it's like Kennison went this way right
Kinnison was like Ronald Reagan's the
fucking president who were gonna kick
ass you know he went but he was also
smart and he had great points like the
only reason why that bid
the African people that were starving to
death that bit about those late night
television shows which is one of his
darkest bits ever and one of his best
bits but this it it worked because he
was smart because he had points that
were irrefutable it wasn't just these
African kids starving to death let me
tell you what's funny about that
nothing's funny about that it was him
saying why don't you feed him you're
right there mmm and then and then he
would have these kind of bits that were
fucked up but there were so well crafted
you later
Jesus this guy this is so good and so
for then he was the greatest of all time
when Kennedy came along man he was a
motherfucker yeah no one had ever seen
anything like that before
yeah I remember how much you were
affected by him you and Mike McDonald he
was fuckin Mike McCarthy Mike McCarthy
yeah comedy Barbaria yeah yeah yeah we
both were huge Kinison fans didn't we
could well he just made me think oh
that's comedy - I didn't know you could
do that that's a different thing this
guy's scream it I was married twice and
he was fat he had a beret on overcoat he
would come into the stern show drunk
after being up at night and do without a
doubt the best Stern appearances of all
time oh yeah you know his story - right
do you know that were each alright you
know what would flipped him though
what head injury hit by a car no shit up
him and Roseanne both the same story Wow
yeah there's something about traumatic
brain injuries that lead to a lot of
people being extremely impulsive and
they wind up doing a lot of wild shit
dude J mellow themselves yeah he had
some kind of a brain thing happened to
him and he needed he got treated for it
and he recovered but that's when he
started acting kind of erratic whoa yeah
it happens people get irrational and you
get impulsive get very impulsive happens
with ex football players
X Fighters right but that's what
happened to Sammy get hit by a car
his brother wrote a book about it called
brother Sam his brother Bill and that's
one of the things he talks about like
Sam was like this normal kid gets hit by
a fucking car
and then also DS is wild man like a wild
demon no control yeah just didn't give a
fuck right you know that's a guy that I
wish I met like fuck god damn a little
oh I really wanted to meet that we met
Hicks though we didn't mean heck yeah we
silly song we were in the room with him
we didn't hang out with him
I said hi to him oh yeah I always think
of that one like a young comic comes to
the green room to say hi to me I always
think fucking be nice to this kid
because this means more to him than you
can imagine
yeah just the fact it Hicks acknowledge
I was alive yeah yeah we got we got an
amazing comedy education my friend yeah
it's so lucky to have a job where you
could say what you want to and you don't
have to worry like that poor lpg a guy
cork golf guy gets suspended well
especially now because like it really TV
doesn't matter being banned from TV
doesn't end your career anymore no you
know look at fucking Jim Jeffries says
some shit that's fucking crazy he says
this whole bit about rape that's like I
couldn't believe they was on Sirius XM
radio the other day mm-hmm and like you
know whose show got canceled he's got
another fucking show but without those
it doesn't matter you get you get your
shit up on the internet you do a podcast
you tour you don't ever have to do the
Tonight Show again you don't have to do
you know yeah there was only a few
albums back then yeah
so they should be good yeah you just
have to be interesting
we're not even man there's a lot of
fucking people that just do makeup
tutorials they make millions the world's
it's crazy
yeah don't think that it supposed to be
fair like all those guys back in Boston
hey what the fuck I killed that night
same thing yeah I don't think this world
supposed to be fair this thing is not
this thing no one else what the fuck is
going on
this kid is making thirty million
dollars reviewing toys on YouTube yep
that's just how it is
because he loves toys and that's when he
started doing what do you love is just
that's how it is are you getting upset
about that doesn't help anybody yeah
yeah the kid makes 30 million reviewing
toys go figure it out do you think yeah
don't get a mad at the kid fuck that kid
yeah I got money I just want one million
year at all
from you come on kid hey he would give
it to me you're not even use it you're
seven I was a veteran yeah it's some
veteran reviewing toys online get 12y
boy is for good little queers this
fucking doll this little doll this
fucking soldier never saw the shit I saw
the shit yeah this is this fake GI Joe
bullshit fucking soldier yeah what what
is the next thing like it's not veterans
reviewing toys it's not gonna be that
but what would be the next thing the
next thing so I think it's got to be
it's got to be something that that like
lets people interact more that's what
people are looking for I mean you got
social apps but how do you take a social
app and make it something that you sit
down and watch every day as programming
it's what you do what's the clip show or
what's the who's the host that can take
social media and do like what talk soup
did with with video clip with cable
cable TV shows yeah how do you capture
social media and presented to people in
a way that is more linear well the thing
is like everybody's sort of agreeing
that social media is insanely addictive
and that people are sort of in denial
about it most people have a real issue
with it yeah most people that I know are
addicted to their phones their stare at
their phones all day they can't help it
they're drawn to the next text message
they want the next twit tweet whatever
it is yeah they want to see that next
Facebook post an Instagram post they're
addicted to it and what what we're doing
is making it more more addictive they're
making it better right everything keeps
getting better the cameras keep getting
better the apps are better the
algorithms they figure out how long it
should take to reload and to move to
another page and when to present the
next
the next graphic that all that stuff is
the same guys have figured out how slot
machine should work in Vegas to keep you
putting quarters into them yeah they
figure out how often you need to win and
how loud the bells should be and then
they extract your data right and then
they sell that data and then they make
infinite amounts of money and they want
to keep you on the tit and so they're
gonna keep that tit juicy yeah all kinds
of new stuff what about these
anti-vaxxers they're moving into your
neighborhood what fuck they are yeah
next thing you know you're embroiled in
a facebook anti-vaccine it keeps you up
in the middle of the night you go back
to check the post what the fuck did you
write the fuck did he write oh yeah it's
gonna go to sleep and now I'm gonna let
him know oh my cute my piece of my mind
how many people are just ready to blow
their fucking brains out stand in front
of a computer at night and arguments
with people on Facebook yeah first of
all that is one of the worst ways to
communicate I understand that it's a
really effective way to communicate but
just text messages just text just
writing things back it's like one of the
crudest ways that we know it's you might
as well send a raven yeah really right
wrap a fucking a piece of paper around
that Ravens foot and send it and I'll
read it when I okay this is what he
means yeah like we could talk to each
other now like it's we should limit the
amount of texting we do I really think
well what about video texts
yeah I didn't see much of that oh my god
hey Joe what's happened to man give me a
call later
send that's cuz you're white yesterday
Wiz Khalifa was here and he was saying
that everybody face times now oh yeah
and I know this for a fact
cuz I was taking a shit when killer Mike
FaceTime to me so he is also a member
what
prestigious community and yeah he's
they're fucking there FaceTime each
other now yes
I'm four yeah that's great that's better
yeah that's better that's connecting
everybody yeah that's Ben oh you called
me on the phone yesterday yes and you
were like that's it I'm done with
texting I'm only calling it and I was
like yeah I'm doing that no she oh he
gets offended and almost angry if you
email them
I mean I'll text people details for
things and addresses like that but if
it's somebody I like I like I mean I'm
going to talk to him yes and there's
another thing that's happened when you
keep in touch with people with text you
realize how
rarely you talk to them on the phone you
know and there's a few of my friends
that I hardly ever see yeah so I've been
trying to make time for like dinner
plans
go to hang out with you know friends and
just just instead of us always working
yeah so like I'm always every like plan
that I make in terms of what I do with
my time see the family related or
work-related yeah and I feel like I have
got a I've got to like reach out to
friends more like a one-on-one
face-to-face sorta way it was this
comprehensive study that started in the
1930s by Harvard University about what
causes happiness and the number one
thing was friendship yeah people talk
about family they talk about work and
you overlook community you know
friendship means it's almost like like
sometimes I feel like I really love my
wife I got so fucking lucky she I hear
her voice and I get happy when she walks
in the door I jump up I want to talk to
her but to the point where on a Saturday
night we just go out to dinner we just
go do something during the day we just
hang out and sometimes I think I should
be spending more time with friends you
know especially since then I can talk
shit about her there you go good call
but you know it really it really is like
you know you don't carve out that time
and this this study said that gratitude
and friendship by the two main things
for happiness well it's great that
you're married to your friend that's
beautiful too right you know when you
have friends when you have people that
you can confide in and talk to you have
different perspectives different points
of view whether I mean it's it's always
best if it's in your house like if it's
your wife it would be amazing you know
I'm very very pro getting your shit
together in terms of like the way you
run a relationship right like how nice
are you how how well do you guys get
along and I think you should extend not
just to your like your spouse but also
to like all your friends like how nice
are your friends mmm like what how
little bullshit do you give them how
much compliments do you give them how
much
how objective are you the way you guys
interact with each other how much talent
you care about them yeah how often you
take them for granted I think I'm a very
pro analysis and I think all of us could
we could do well to analyze like how we
interface with each other because I
think most most problems that people
have they it's like one thing happens in
this thing happens and that thing
happens but if the first thing didn't
happen would the second thing have
happened
if the first slight didn't happen if the
first way you greeted someone it was
with a big smile and a handshake and
maybe a little roll the whole
conversation would have rolled in a
totally different way and then
afterwards someone said hey I thought
you were mad at Greg you know what I was
but the way he came over and shook my
hand and smiled at me and my coke who
cares what am I worried about
whereas if he came over with an attitude
oh this fucking guy and then he's like
all that fucking guys hasn't dropped it
yet yeah yeah we're still we're still
arguing about the stupid fucking thing
you know I'm right no it's a half of it
is the way we interact with each other
right male/female boy-boy whatever the
fuck it's just human beings half of the
way human beings like the way things go
half of it is how we interact with each
other he had the energy like I go to the
comedy store sometimes and if I show up
and like show up three minutes before my
spot and then I parked the car and I'm
walking in and somebody I like will say
hi to me you know I'll see you know Dov
davit off or somebody haven't seen in a
while and he says what's up and I kind
of brush past them because I'm late
fucks up the relationship that person
feels like oh I thought I meant a lot to
that guy right so it's like Sh I could
show up early yeah I'd be and think
before I walk in be available to people
because you know it's it is you're right
it can be very subtle how you shake
someone's hand how you like don't hug
them or hug them yeah yeah a friend of
mine goes the other day we play beach
volleyball on Sundays that's my big
social things we fifteen years I've been
playing with the same yeah that's great
exercise too it's great and we call
ourselves the shirts because we're the
only guys on the beach playing with our
shirts on and we're fucking terrible we
never get any better and and so so we we
go out and I
I showed up and I hugged everybody and
then this one guy Evan goes to me he
goes uh you know I don't think you
should hug everybody all the time I
think a hug should be like for a special
moment so it actually means something
and I go you have any see intimacy
problems and don't fucking put them on
me I won't hug you but I'm fucking
hugging everybody else yeah I love it I
love a moment where I can hug somebody
the economy store should be called the
hug festival yeah right place is all
about hugs everyone's always hugging
everybody yeah you know it the more
people that you can have like that in
your life the more people that you want
to hug the better off you are
yeah that's you know a community of
people that you actually care about I
hug the shit out of my kids yeah it bums
me out what people don't like - yeah it
bums me out when people don't like to
hug their kids yeah the kids it's a
bummer it's a real bummer you know when
you know someone who doesn't like being
a parent it's it's rough yeah because
you know you you know that that feeling
it's all I mean it's this is one of the
things about having children do you
realize it's all about trying to foster
love it's all about that it's all about
you want them to be loving people to
meet other loving people you think this
is possible this is possible if this
family can get along and we all love
each other and care about each other so
much why why can't the human race why
can't all these people get along better
why can't they they can in the ideal
circumstances you're out you're under
ideal circumstances and most people
aren't well it's fear I think that
that's what keeps people from being
vulnerable
yeah and hugging and expressing how they
feel about each other and supporting
like uncondition unconditional love is
getting rid of the fear yeah you can't
be afraid that this love is gonna turn
on you and this person is gonna hurt you
right and you have to have had that
happen a few times so you're like well I
know what that is yeah I must have been
annoying right
yeah
listen analysis it's part of the problem
yeah we're all part of the problem yeah
man it's um I think it's an interesting
time for people to communicate though I
don't think anybody has ever really
gotten to the bottom of things in later
I mean in in in the past the way people
are trying to get to the bottom of
things now there's a lot of noise
what do you mean emotionally I think
emotionally the way we communicate with
each other even the way people are
examining government and and examining
foreign policy and examining the Office
of the President and examining voting
and the electoral process and there's
there's things that people are in
analyzing now and looking at that I
think because of all the chaos of the
internet we kind of lose sight of all
the crazy shit that it's doing like it's
doing so many different things and
changing things so much that it's it's
rewiring the way people are looking at
the world itself yeah and that's why all
these fucking drugs are getting
legalized the a giant part of why
psilocybin is getting legalized now it's
decriminalized in Denver
marijuana's being decriminalized left
and right it's because people here
people like you and me and anyone else
that has a brain that understands about
drug laws here I'm talking about it and
you go this is correct you can't lock
people up for mushrooms and you should
take them yeah you fucking take them
they'd probably fix your brain they'd
probably give you a new perspective and
make you realize you were being a dick
it's half of what's wrong with us right
it's we're just worried about how we
interface with each other you're saying
the Internet is giving people insights
and information that's changing the way
we live I think so for sure I think the
access to information because the stream
is so large so much nonsense comes
through it that you you lose perspective
of all the positive changes taking place
because the Internet right all these
drug legalization things I don't think
would ever be possible without all of
the information that's been distributed
online whether it's through videos or
through people talking about or podcasts
or comedy routines or just facts with
facts based you
news organizations start putting the
here's the real facts about marijuana
and you know and fatalities and this is
this is these are the real facts about
where there is going how it's going
right now to fund cartels and how this
is crazy because we're literally
creating an organized crime Empire
because we're making something that
everybody wants Yeah right all that
stuff is available now you can't cross
we were just talking about
can't squash it with propaganda yeah
like they could in the pad they could
just kind of decide what narrative gets
played out in the newspaper right you
can't do that anymore well did you read
that article I sent you about stories
versus facts yes I did and it's the you
know I'd you've all hottie right yes the
guy that wrote sapiens and it basically
says that you know stories Trump facts
and that basically we are a culture the
human the human species has always
believed the myth whether it's religion
or whether it's a political Dogma that
we are more apt to ignore facts that
don't support a story because telling
facts being factual is difficult because
sometimes that fact doesn't jibe with
what you thought was true and now you
have to rectify that and that's hard and
so it's easier for us to just say you
know we're all Jesus came and when we
die our sins will be forgiven and we're
supposed to do this and then if facts
come up to negate how how long ago man
you know all that all the things we know
from archeology that negate everything
that's in the Bible then the story you
still have 60% of the of our country
doesn't believe that the they think the
planet is 6,000 years old
I think it's 46% yeah yeah 46% of the
country thinks that but they only think
of it in terms of they won't denounce
the Bible do they really I mean if you
had a gun to their head they really
think that I don't think it's that high
I think it's a lot of horseshit yeah I
think there's a lot of people that say
if that's what the Bible says so is that
what the Bible says that's the Bible
says believe this Dalembert I told him
that's what the Bible says mama good boy
yeah there's a lot of that right when
he's with his friends and
cracks open a beer and it's like what
the fuck does my mama know but all the
fucking hate this she is yes trend now a
lot of people go to church on Sunday
because culturally that's what you do
yeah it doesn't mean they subscribe to
all that stuff but then you got you know
the every four years the government puts
out an environmental study that is done
by I think twelve different departments
in the government and it's considered
the quintessential update on where the
environment is internationally yeah and
that came out in November and it was
damning about pollutants and the
administration put it out on Black
Friday the day after Thanksgiving at
three o'clock in the morning and they
buried it and in it is everything about
global warming you ever needed to know
and they're no longer calling it global
warming they're no longer calling it's
no longer fossil fuel its freedom what
is the new thing they're calling it
freedom juice something like that Jesus
come they're literally changing the name
of fossil fuels this is the Trump
administration yeah yes natural gas is
being rebranded to freedom gas wow this
is like some Team America world police
type shit and it's like people the one
who deny global warming it's like the
facts are there in a few I don't think
anyone's denying that the planet is
warming right I think they're denying
how much of an impact human beings have
and whether or not it's worth changing
the way we do in industry ya know and
whether or not we're need to impose more
restrictions on on exhaust fumes and I
mean factories how much you're trying to
drive by factoring you see that
pillowing smoke and now you're like how
the fuck are we allowing that yeah like
there's places to this day where you
drive there and you go oh this group
gets to pollute the air that the babies
breathe yeah they do for this business
whatever the fuck they're doing what are
they making tires they get to pollute
the air yeah what is the worst polluter
like when you drive by a factory and you
see the
black smoke shooting this guy what the
fuck are they doing dude cruise ships I
think I read they're the number one a
polluter we did a thing where we were
trying to figure out was it with who was
it with
someone was explaining how much
devastation cruise ships do in terms of
the amount of fuel that they burn and
the impact that they have and the fact
those Valentin Thomas was at her they
were talking about like each cruise ship
like how much actual fuel they burn off
it's preposterous I think I read they're
the biggest burners of fossil fuels in
the world so a giant fucking metal thing
in the water yeah you ever try to push a
fucking rowboat it's a lot of work it's
a lot of work how what assholes are
people where they built something like
the Titanic like just what kind of an
asshole says not only am I gonna make it
out of metal look can we just use a
bunch of small boats and get thee no no
no I'm gonna make the biggest biggest
bow ever and when I write on it even God
can't sink it I mean I'm Noah imagine
what an asshole you have to be to write
even God can't shake it yeah on the side
of the boat oh is that what they wrote
yes
oh that's hilarious isn't that is that
that's a fact right God that better not
be an urban myth I think it said on the
side of the Titanic even God can't sink
it yeah yeah
they weren't one of these people to be
excited and they're going nowhere cruise
ship just going nowhere
well it was something to do back then
yeah imagine living back then oh I don't
an equation conditioning how that was a
TV yeah was a Titanic 1920s
yeah the roaring the remaking one and
out to tank two same didn't did it say
what I think it said that's a quote
someone said an employee I don't know if
it was written off it was written or
1911 oh it's a launch code it was 1911
quote rather 1911 fuck live and then
it's more than hundred years ago
okay I hate people were they back then
we went so what kind of cave people were
they back then yeah do you have x-ray
machines how the fuck they sit your
broken leg would they do yeah well they
do thing on the cruise ships it's a
video about how much they pollute whoa
one ship or watch a cruise ship pollute
as much as 13 million cars in one day is
what this video is called Wow
no shit whoa holy we've gotten so much
bigger over to overtime holy shit
nineteen million cars well let's just
ban cruise ships Trump does zero Trump
cruise ship
why doesn't he only cuz he hasn't
thought of it yeah he's gonna hear this
podcast haha let's wrap this up because
I gotta pee really bad Gregory will you
be with me tonight at the improv shows
good times we had a Monty Franklin Alley
McCroskey got some dates got some dates
coming up people I'm gonna be in lovely
Atlanta at the punchline June 6th it's
back it's a different location how is it
it's great it's uh it's more intimate
yeah guys and then I'll be in Tampa at
side splitters on June 13th to the 15th
and then I will be in Buffalo New York
at helium comedy club and June 27th
through the 29th go to Fitz dog.com for
tickets the podcast is Fitz dog radio
and then childish is my other podcast
with Alison Rosen how fuckin
professional is he it's like you do it
for a living
oh wait alright bye everybody
how long was it
[Music]